Project Gutenberg's The Flying Girl and Her Chum, by Edith van Dyne

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of
the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll have
to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.



Title: The Flying Girl and Her Chum

Author: Edith van Dyne

Illustrator: Joseph Pierre Nuyttens

Release Date: December 7, 2016 [EBook #53692]

Language: English


*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE FLYING GIRL AND HER CHUM ***




Produced by Mary Glenn Krause, Chris Curnow, Haragos Pál
and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team at
http://www.pgdp.net (This book was produced from images
made available by the HathiTrust Digital Library.)









                        The Flying Girl Series

                          The Flying Girl and
                               Her Chum







[Illustration: "Well, I declare!" exclaimed Orissa, sitting up.]




                            The Flying Girl
                             And Her Chum

                                  BY
                            EDITH VAN DYNE

                               Author of
              The Flying Girl; Aunt Jane's Nieces Series
                                 Etc.




                 Illustrated by Joseph Pierre Nuyttens

                            [Illustration]




                       The Reilly & Britton Co.
                                Chicago




                            Copyright, 1912
                                  by
                       The Reilly & Britton Co.






                    _The Flying Girl and Her Chum_




                               CONTENTS


CHAPTER                                                            PAGE

  I      THE GIRL WITH THE YACHT                                      9

  II     THE GIRL WITH THE AËROPLANE                                 31

  III    A PRODIGY IN AERONAUTICS                                    46

  IV     THE ALUMINUM CHEST                                          54

  V      THE LAST DROP OF GASOLINE                                   63

  VI     CASTAWAYS                                                   73

  VII    TWO GIRLS AND ONE ISLAND                                    87

  VIII   AN OWL CONCERT                                              97

  IX     MISS COLUMBUS AND MISS CRUSOE                              106

  X      MADELINE DENTRY'S PROPOSITION                              117

  XI     A GAME OF CHECKERS                                         126

  XII    THE QUEST OF THE "SALVADOR"                                139

  XIII   CAPRICIOUS FATE                                            148

  XIV    ON THE BLUFF                                               159

  XV     BOAT AHOY!                                                 166

  XVI    AN ISLAND KINGDOM                                          171

  XVII   DON MIGUEL DEL BORGITIS                                    183

  XVIII  THE MASK OFF                                               192

  XIX    AN EXCITING RACE                                           203

  XX     BESIEGED                                                   211

  XXI    CAPTURING AN AËROPLANE                                     220

  XXII   RAMON GANZA                                                231

  XXIII  A DESPERATE ALTERNATIVE                                    243

  XXIV   THE DIPLOMACY OF CHESTY TODD                               256

  XXV    SCUTTLED                                                   270

  XXVI   ORISSA RETURNS                                             279

  XXVII  FACING THE CRISIS                                          286

  XXVIII THE PRISONER                                               290

  XXIX   ORISSA DECIDES                                             304




                         LIST OF ILLUSTRATIONS


  "Well, I declare!" exclaimed Orissa, sitting up.
                                                         _Frontispiece_

  "It--it has run away with 'em, Steve. It's gone wrong, man;
    there's danger ahead!"                                   _Page_ 120

  Suddenly a huge form filled the doorway, inspecting the
    newcomers with a quick, comprehensive glance.            _Page_ 184

  Madeline, seated at the table, studied the faces before her
    curiously, while an amused smile played around her lips.
    "We cannot accept our enemy's proposition," she announced.
                                                             _Page_ 246




                     The Flying Girl and Her Chum




                               CHAPTER I

                        THE GIRL WITH THE YACHT


Perhaps they call them "parlor" cars because they bear so little
resemblance to the traditional parlor--a word and a room now sadly out
of style. In reality they are ordinary cars with two rows of swivel
seats down the center; seats supposed to pivot in every direction
unless their action is impeded by the passenger's hand baggage, which
the porter promptly piles around the chairs, leaving one barely room to
place his feet and no chance at all to swing the seat. Thus imprisoned,
you ride thoughtfully on your way, wondering if the exclusive "parlor
car" is really worth the extra fee.

However, those going to San Diego, in the Southland of California, are
obliged to choose between plebeian coaches and the so-called "parlor"
outfit, and on a mild, sunny morning in February the San Diego train
rolled out of the Los Angeles depot with every swivel seat in the car
de luxe occupied by a passenger.

They were a mixed assemblage, mostly tourists bound for Colorado, yet
quite unknown to one another; or, at least, not on speaking terms.
There was a Spanish-looking gentleman in white; two prim, elderly
damsels in black; a mamma with three subdued children and a maid, and
a fat man who read a book and scowled at every neighbor who ventured a
remark louder than a whisper. Forward in the car the first three seats
were taken by a party from New York, and this little group of travelers
attracted more than one curious glance.

"That," murmured one of the prim ladies to the other, "is Madeline
Dentry, the famous heiress. No one knows how many millions she has just
inherited, but she is said to be one of the richest girls in America.
The stout lady is her chaperon; I believe--she's a distant relative--an
aunt, or something--and the thin, nervous man, the stout lady's
husband, is Madeline Dentry's financial manager."

"I know," replied the other, nodding; "he used to be her guardian
before she came of legal age, a month or so ago. His name is
Tupper--Martin J. Tupper--and I'm told he is well connected."

"He is, indeed, to have the handling of Madeline's millions."

"I mean in a family way. The Dentrys were nobodies, you know, until
Madeline's father cornered the mica mines of the world and made his
millions; but the Tuppers were a grand old Baltimore family in the days
of Washington, always poor as poverty and eminently aristocratic."

"Do you know the Tuppers?"

"I have never met them. I strongly disapprove of their close
association with Miss Dentry--a fly-away miss who kept Bryn Mawr in a
turmoil while she was a student there, and is now making an absurd use
of her money."

"In what way?"

"Haven't you heard? She has purchased Lord Tweedmonk's magnificent
yacht, and has had it taken to San Diego harbor. I was told by the bell
boy at the Los Angeles Hotel--bell boys are singularly well-informed,
I have observed--that Madeline Dentry is to take her new yacht on a
cruise to Hawaii and Japan. She is probably now on her way to see her
extravagant and foolish plaything."

"Dreadful!" said the other, with a shudder. "I wonder how anyone
can squander a fortune on a yacht when all those poor heathens are
starving in China. What a pity the girl has no mother to guide her!"

"Tell me about the beautiful girl seated next to Madeline."

"I do not know who she is. Some stranger to the rich young lady, I
imagine. They're not speaking. Yes, she is really beautiful, that girl.
Her eyes are wonderful, and her coloring perfect."

"And she seems so modest and diffident."

"Evidence of good breeding, whoever she may be; quite the opposite of
Madeline Dentry, whose people have always been rapid and rude."

The fat gentleman was now glaring at the old ladies so ferociously
that they became awed and relapsed into silence. The others in the car
seemed moodily reserved. Mr. Martin J. Tupper read a newspaper. His
stolid wife, seated beside him, closed her eyes and napped. Madeline
Dentry, abandoning a book that was not interesting, turned a casual
glance upon her neighbor in the next chair--the beautiful girl who had
won the approval of the two old maids. Madeline herself had a piquant,
attractive countenance, but her neighbor was gazing dreamily out of the
window and seemed not to have noticed her. In this listless attitude
she might be inspected at leisure, and Madeline was astonished at the
perfect profile, the sheen of her magnificent hair, the rich warm
tintings of a skin innocent of powders or cosmetics. Critically the
rich young lady glanced at the girl's attire. It was exceedingly simple
but of costly material. She wore no jewels or ornaments, nor did she
need them to enhance her attractiveness.

Perhaps feeling herself under observation, the girl slowly turned her
head until her eyes met those of Madeline. They were gloriously blue
eyes, calm and intelligent, wide open and fearless. Yet with a faint
smile she quickly withdrew them before Madeline's earnest gaze.

"Will you have a chocolate?"

"Thank you."

The strong hand with its well-shaped fingers did not fumble in
Madeline's box of bonbons. She took a chocolate, smiled again, and with
a half shy glance into her neighbor's face proceeded to nibble the
confection.

Madeline was charmed.

"Are you traveling alone?" she asked.

"Yes. I am to meet my brother and--some friends--in San Diego."

"I am Miss Dentry--Madeline Dentry. My home is in New York."

"And mine is in Los Angeles. I am not straying very far away, you see."

Madeline was piqued that her hint was disregarded.

"And your name!" she asked sweetly.

The girl hesitated an instant. Then she said: "I am Miss Kane."

Mr. Tupper looked up from his newspaper.

"Kane?" he repeated. "Bless me! That's the name of the Flying Girl."

"So it is," admitted Miss Kane, with a little laugh.

"But flying is not in your line, I imagine," said Madeline, admiring
anew the dainty personality of her chance acquaintance.

"At present our train is dragging, rather than flying," was the merry
response.

Mr. Tupper was interested. He carefully folded his paper and joined in
the conversation.

"The idea of any girl attempting to do stunts in the air!" he remarked
disdainfully. "Your namesake, Miss Kane, deserves to break her
venturesome, unmaidenly neck--as she probably will, in the near future."

"Nonsense, Uncle!" cried Madeline; "Orissa Kane, so far as I've read of
her--and I've read everything I could find--is not at all unmaidenly.
She's venturesome, if you like, and manages an aëroplane better than
many of the bird-men can; but I see nothing more unwomanly in flying
than in running an automobile, and you know _I_ do that to perfection.
This Flying Girl, as she is called, is famous all over America for her
daring, her coolness in emergencies and her exceptional skill. I want
to see her fly, while I'm out here, for I understand there's to be an
aviation meet of some sort in San Diego next week, and that Orissa Kane
is engaged to take part in it."

"Flying is good sport, I admit," said Mr. Tupper, "but it would give
me the shivers to see a girl attempt it. And, once a machine is in the
air, you can't tell whether a man or woman is flying it; they all look
alike to the watcher below. Don't go to this aviation meet, Madeline;
you've seen girls fly. There was Miss Moissant, at Garden City----"

"She barely got off the ground," said Miss Dentry.

"And there was Blanche Scott----"

"They're all imitators of Orissa Kane!" declared Madeline impatiently.
"There's only one real Flying Girl, Uncle, and if she's on the program
at the San Diego meet I'm going to see her."

"You'll be disappointed," averred the gentleman. "She's a native
of these parts, they say; I presume some big-boned, masculine,
orange-picking female----"

"Wrong again, sir! The reporters all rave about her. They say she has
a charming personality, is lovely and sweet and modest and--and----"
She paused, her eyes dilating a little as she marked the red flush
creeping over Miss Kane's neck and face. Then Madeline drew in her
breath sharply and cast a warning glance at her uncle.

Mr. Tupper, however, was obtuse. He knew nothing of Madeline's
suspicions.

"Have you ever seen this dare-devil namesake of yours, Miss Kane?" he
asked indifferently.

"Yes, sir," she answered in a quiet tone.

"And what did you think of her?"

Madeline was powerless to stop him. Miss Kane, however, looked at her
questioner with candid eyes, a frank smile upon her beautiful face.

"She has a fine aëroplane," was her reply. "Her brother invented it,
you know. It's the Kane Aircraft, the safest and speediest yet made,
and Stephen Kane has taught his sister how to handle it. That she flies
his Aircraft successfully is due, I am sure, to her brother's genius;
not to any especial merit of her own."

Mr. Tupper was staring now, and beginning to think. He remembered
reading a similar assertion attributed to Orissa Kane, the Flying Girl,
who always insisted on crediting her brother with whatever success she
achieved. Perhaps this girl had read it, too; or, perhaps----

He began to "put two and two together." Southern California was the
favorite haunt of the Flying Girl; there was to be an aviation meet
presently at San Diego; and on this train, bound for San Diego, was
riding a certain Miss Kane who answered to Madeline's description of
the aërial heroine--a description he now remembered to have often read
himself. Uncertain what to say, he asked haltingly:

"Do you call it 'aviatrix' or 'aviatrice'? The feminine of 'aviator,'
you know."

"I should say 'aviatress,' now that you appeal to me," was the laughing
reply. "Some of the newspaper men, who love to coin new words, have
tried to saddle 'aviatrice' on the girl aviator, and the French have
dubbed her 'aviatrix' without rhyme or reason. It seems to me that
if 'seamstress,' 'governess' or 'hostess' is proper, 'aviatress' is
also correct and, moreover, it is thoroughly American. But in--in the
profession--on the aviation field--they call themselves 'aviators,'
whether men or women, just as an author is always an 'author,'
regardless of sex."

Mr. Tupper had made up his mind, by this time. He reasoned that a
girl who talked so professionally of aviation terms must be something
more than a novice, and straggled to remember if he had inadvertently
said anything to annoy or humiliate Miss Kane. For, if the little
maid so demurely seated before him was indeed the famous Flying Girl,
the gentleman admitted he had good reason to admire her. Madeline
was watching his embarrassment with an expression of amusement, but
would not help him out of his dilemma. So Mr. Tupper went straight
to the heart of the misunderstanding, as perhaps was best under the
circumstances.

"Your first name is Orissa?" he inquired, gently.

"It is, sir."

"Won't you have another chocolate!" asked Madeline.

Orissa took another chocolate, reflecting how impossible it seemed to
hide her identity, even from utter strangers. Not that she regretted,
in any way, the celebrity she had gained by flying her brother
Stephen's Aircraft, but it would have been so nice to have ridden
to-day with these pleasant people without listening to the perfunctory
words of praise and adulation so persistently lavished upon her since
she had acquired fame.

"I knew Cumberford some years ago," continued Mr. Tupper, rather
aimlessly. "Cumberford's your manager, I believe!"

"Yes, sir; and my brother's partner."

"Good chap, Cumberford. Had a queer daughter, I remember; an impossible
child, with the airs of a princess and the eyes of a sorceress. She's
grown up, by this time, I suppose."

Miss Kane smiled.

"Sybil Cumberford is my best chum," she replied. "The description still
applies, so far as the airs and eyes are concerned; but the child is a
young lady now, and a very lovable young lady, her friends think."

"Doubtless, doubtless," Mr. Tupper said hastily. "If Cumberford is in
San Diego I shall be glad to renew our acquaintance."

"You are bound for Coronado, I suppose," remarked Orissa, to change the
subject.

"Only for a few days' stay," Madeline answered. "Then we expect to make
a sea voyage to Honolulu."

"That will be delightful," said the girl. "I've lived many years on the
shores of the Pacific, but have never made a voyage farther to sea than
Catalina. I'm told Honolulu is a fascinating place; but it needs be to
draw one away from Coronado."

"You like Coronado, then?"

"All this South Country is a real paradise," declared Orissa. "I have
had opportunity to compare it with other parts of America, and love it
better after each comparison. But I am ignorant of foreign countries,
and can only say that if they excel Southern California they are too
good for humans to live in and ought to be sacred to the fairies."

Madeline laughed gayly.

"I know you now!" she exclaimed; "you are what is called out here a
'booster.' But from my limited experience in your earthly paradise I
cannot blame you."

"Yes, we are all 'boosters,'" asserted the younger girl, "and I'm
positive you will join our ranks presently. I love this country
especially because one can fly here winter and summer."

"You are fond of flying?"

"Yes. At first I didn't care very much for it, but it grows on one
until its fascinations are irresistible. I have the most glorious sense
of freedom when I'm in the air--way up, where I love best to be--but
during my recent exhibitions in the East I nearly froze making the high
flights. It is a little cold even here when you are half a mile up, but
it is by no means unbearable."

"They call you a 'dare-devil,' in the newspapers," remarked Mr. Tupper,
eyeing her reflectively; "but I can scarcely believe one so--so young
and--and--girlish has ventured to do all the foolish aërial tricks you
are credited with."

Mrs. Tupper had by this time opened her eyes and was now listening in
amazement.

"Yes," she added, reprovingly, "all those spiral dips and volplaning
and--and--figure-eights are more suited to a circus performer than to a
young girl, it seems to me."

This lady's face persistently wore a bland and unmeaning smile, which
had been so carefully cultivated in her youth that it had become
habitual and wreathed her chubby features even when she was asleep,
giving one the impression that she wore a mask. Now her stern eyes
belied the smirk of her face, but Orissa merely smiled.

"I am not a 'dare-devil,' I assure you," she said, addressing Mr.
Tupper rather than his wife. "I know the newspapers call me that,
and compare me with the witch on a broomstick; but in truth I am as
calculating and cold as any aviator in America. Everything I do is
figured out with mathematical precision and I never take a single
chance that I can foresee. I know the air currents, and all their whims
and peculiarities, and how to counteract them. What may seem to the
spectators to be daring, and even desperate, is often the safest mode
of flying, provided you understand your machine and the conditions of
the air. To volplane from a height of five or ten thousand feet, for
example, is safer than from a slight elevation, for the further you
drop the better air-cushion is formed under your planes, and you ride
as gently as when suspended from a parachute."

Madeline was listening eagerly.

"Are you afraid?" she asked.

"Afraid? Why should I be, with my brother's wonderful engine at my back
and perfect control of every part of my machine?"

"Suppose the engine should some time fail you?"

"Then I would volplane to the ground."

"And if the planes, or braces, or fastenings break?"

"No fear of that. The Kane Aircraft is strong enough for any aërial
purpose and I examine every brace and strut before I start my
fight--merely to satisfy myself they have not been maliciously tampered
with."

Then Madeline sprung her important question:

"Do you ever take a passenger?"

Orissa regarded Miss Dentry with a whimsical smile.

"Sometimes," she said. "Do you imagine you would like to fly?"

"No--no, indeed!" cried Mr. Tupper in a horrified voice, and Mrs.
Tapper echoed; "How absurd!" But Madeline answered quietly:

"If you could manage to take me I am sure I would enjoy the experience."

"I will consider it and let you know later," said the Flying Girl,
thoughtfully. "My chum, Sybil Cumberford, has made several short
flights with me; but Sybil's head is perfectly balanced and no altitude
affects it. Often those who believe they would enjoy flying become
terrified once they are in the air."

"Nothing could terrify Madeline, I am sure," asserted Mrs. Tupper, in a
rasping voice; "but she is too important a personage to risk her life
foolishly. I shall insist that she at once abandon the preposterous
idea. Abandon it, Madeline! I thought your new yacht a venturesome
thing to indulge in, but flying is far, far worse."

"Oh; have you a yacht?" inquired Orissa, turning eagerly to the other
girl.

"Yes; the _Salvador_. It is now lying in San Diego harbor. I've not
seen my new craft as yet, but intend it shall take us to Honolulu and
perhaps to Japan."

"How delightful," cried Orissa, with enthusiasm.

"Would you like to join our party?"

"Oh, thank you; I couldn't," quite regretfully; "I am too busy just
now advancing the fortunes of my brother Stephen, who is really the
most clever inventor of aëroplanes in the world. Don't smile, please;
he is, indeed! The world may not admit it as yet, but it soon will.
Have you heard of his latest contrivance? It is a Hydro-Aircraft, and
its engines propel it equally as well on water as on land."

"Then it beats my yacht," said Madeline, smiling.

"It is more adaptable--more versatile--to be sure," said Orissa.
"Stephen has just completed his first Hydro-Aircraft, and while I am
in San Diego I shall test it and make a long trip over the Pacific
Ocean to exploit its powers. Such a machine would not take the place
of a yacht, you know, and the motor boat attachment is merely a safety
device to allow one to fly over water as well as over land. Then, if
you are obliged to descend, your aircraft becomes a motor boat and the
engines propel it to the shore."

"Does your brother use the Gnome engines?" inquired Mr. Tupper.

"No; Stephen makes his own engines, which I think are better than any
others," answered Miss Kane.

By the time the train drew into the station at San Diego, Madeline
Dentry and her companions, the Tuppers, knew considerably more of
aëroplanes than the average layman, for Orissa Kane enjoyed explaining
the various machines and, young and unassuming as she appeared,
understood every minute detail of their manufacture. She had been
her brother's assistant and companion from the time of his first
experiments and intelligently followed the creation and development of
the now famous Kane Aircraft.

At the depot a large crowd was in waiting, not gathered to meet the
great heiress, Madeline Dentry, but the quiet slip of a girl whose
name was on every tongue and whose marvelous skill as a bird-maid had
aroused the admiration of every person interested in aërial sports. On
the billboards were glaring posters of "The Flying Girl," the chief
attraction of the coming aviation meet, and the news of her expected
arrival had drawn many curious inhabitants of the Sunshine City to the
depot, as well as the friends congregated to greet her.

First of all a tall, fine looking fellow, who limped slightly, sprang
forward to meet Orissa at the car steps and gave her a kiss and a
hug. This was Stephen Kane, the airship inventor, and close behind
him stood a grizzled gentleman in a long gray coat and jaunty Scotch
cap. It was Mr. Cumberford, the "angel" and manager of the youthful
Kanes, the man whose vast wealth had financed the Kane Aircraft and
enabled the boy and girl to carry out their ambitious plans. This
strange man had neither ambition to acquire more money nor to secure
fame by undertaking to pilot the Aircraft to success; as he stood
here, his bored expression, in sharp contrast to the shrewd gray eyes
that twinkled behind his spectacles, clearly indicated this fact; but
a little kindness had won him to befriend the young people and he had
rendered them staunch support.

On Mr. Cumberford's arm was a slender girl dressed all in black, the
nodding sable plumes of whose broad hat nearly hid Orissa from view as
the two girls exchanged a kiss. Sybil Cumberford had no claim to beauty
except for her dark eyes--so fathomless and mysterious that they awed
all but her most intimate friends, and puzzled even them.

And now an awkward young fellow--six feet three and built like
an athlete--slouched bashfully forward and gripped Orissa Kane's
outstretched hand. Here was the press agent of the Kane-Cumberford
alliance, Mr. H. Chesterton Radley-Todd; a most astonishing youth who
impressed strangers as being a dummy and his friends as the possessor
of a rarely keen intellect. Orissa smiled at him; there was something
humorous about Radley-Todd's loose-jointed, unwieldy personality.
Then she took her brother's arm and passed through the eager, admiring
throng to the automobile in waiting.

Beside Mr. Cumberford's car stood a handsome equipage that had been
sent for Miss Dentry's party, and as Orissa nodded to her recent
acquaintances Sybil Cumberford inquired:

"Who is that girl?"

"A Miss Dentry, of New York, with whom I exchanged some remarks on the
train. She has a yacht in the bay here."

"Oh, yes; I've heard all about her," returned Sybil, indifferently.
"She's dreadfully rich; rather snubbed New York society, which
was eager to idolize her--says she's too young for the weary,
heart-breaking grind--and indulges in such remarkable fancies that
she's getting herself talked about. I hope you didn't encourage her
advances, Orissa?"

"I fear I did," was the laughing reply; "but she seemed very nice and
agreeable--for a rich girl. Tell me, Steve," she added, turning to her
brother, "what news of the Hydro-Aircraft?"

"It's great, Orissa! I put the finishing touches on it night before
last, and yesterday Mr. Cumberford and I took a trial spin in it.
It carries two beautifully," he exclaimed, his eyes sparkling with
enthusiasm.

"Did you go over the water?" asked Orissa.

"Nearly half a mile. Then we dropped and let the engine paddle us home.
Of all the hydro-aëroplanes yet invented, Ris, mine will do the most
stunts and do them with greater ease."

They were rolling swiftly toward the ferry now, bound for the Hotel del
Coronado, a rambling pile of Spanish architecture that dominates the
farther side of San Diego Bay. Presently the car took its place in the
line of vehicles on the ferry and Mr. Cumberford, who was driving, shut
off the power and turned to Orissa.

"You are advertised to exhibit the new Hydro-Aircraft the first day of
the meet--that's Monday," he announced. "Do you think you can master
the mechanism by that time?"

"Is it the same old engine, Steve?" she inquired.

"Exactly the same, except that I've altered the controlling levers, to
make them handy both in the air and on water, and balanced the weight a
little differently, to allow for the boat attachment."

"How did you do that?"

"Placed the gasoline tanks in the rear. That makes the engine feed
from the back, instead of from directly overhead, you see."

Orissa nodded.

"I think I can manage it, Mr. Cumberford," she decided. "Will Steve go
with me on Monday?"

"Why--no," returned the manager, a trifle embarrassed. "Our fool press
agent had an idea the event would be more interesting if two girls made
the flight out to sea, and the trip back by boat. Sybil has been crazy
to go, and so I let Chesty Todd have his own way."

"You see, Miss Kane," added Mr. H. Chesterton Radley-Todd, who was
seated beside Mr. Cumberford, while Stephen and the two girls rode
behind, "the management of the meet couldn't get another aviatress to
take part, because you had been engaged to fly. The other air-maids
are all jealous of your reputation and popularity, I guess, so the
management was in despair. The dear public is daffy, just now, to
watch a female risk her precious life; it's more thrilling than when a
male ventures it. So, as they're paying us pretty big money, and Miss
Cumberford was anxious to go, I--er--er--I----"

"It is quite satisfactory to me," announced Orissa quietly. "I shall
enjoy having Sybil with me."

"I knew you wouldn't object," said Sybil.

"The only thing I don't like about it," observed Stephen, reflectively,
"is the fact that you have never yet seen my Hydro-Aircraft. It's
safe enough, either on land or water; but if the thing balks--as new
inventions sometimes do--there will be no one aboard to help you remedy
the fault, and the invention is likely to get a black eye."

"Give me a tool bag and I'll do as well as any mechanician," responded
Orissa, confidently. "And your Hy is not going to balk, Steve, for I
shall know as much about it as you do by Monday."




                              CHAPTER II

                      THE GIRL WITH THE AËROPLANE


The morning following Orissa Kane's arrival, which was the Saturday
preceding the meet, she went with her brother Stephen to his hangar,
which was located near the Glenn Curtiss aviation camp on a low bluff
overlooking the Pacific. There the two spent the entire forenoon in a
careful inspection of the new Hydro-Aircraft.

As she had told Madeline Dentry, the Flying Girl never wittingly took
chances in the dangerous profession she followed. The remarkable
success of her aërial performances was due to an exact knowledge of
every part of her aëroplane. She knew what each bolt and brace was for
and how much strain it would stand; she knew to a feather's weight
the opposition of the planes to the air, the number of revolutions to
drive the engine under all conditions and the freaks of the unreliable
atmospheric currents. And aside from this knowledge she had that prime
quality known as "the aviator's instinct"--the intuition what to do in
emergencies, and the coolness to do it promptly.

Stephen Kane, who adored his pretty little sister, had not the
slightest fear for her. As she had stood at his side during the
construction of his first successful aëroplane and learned such
mechanical principles of flying as he himself knew, he had no doubt
she could readily comprehend the adaptation he had made to convert his
Aircraft into the amphibious thing that could navigate air and water
alike.

"It seems to me quite perfect, Steve," was Orissa's final verdict.
"There is no question but the Hydro-Aircraft will prove more useful to
the world than any simple aëroplane. If we could carry gasoline enough,
I would venture across the Pacific in this contrivance. By the way,
what am I to do on Monday? Must I carry Sybil in any certain direction,
or for any given distance?"

"I'll let Chesty explain that," said Steve, turning to the youthful
press agent, who had just then entered the hangar in company with Mr.
Cumberford and Sybil.

"Why, er--er--a certain program has been announced, you know,"
explained Chesty Todd; "but that doesn't count, of course. We'll say
that owing to high winds, contrary air currents, or some other excuse,
you had to alter your plans. That'll satisfy the dear public, all
right."

Orissa frowned slightly.

"You mustn't compromise me in such ways, Mr. Todd," she exclaimed. "The
Kane-Cumberford Camp has the reputation of fulfilling its engagements
to the letter; but if you promise impossible things of course we cannot
do them."

The young man flushed. In the presence of Orissa Kane this big fellow
was as diffident as a schoolboy.

"I--I didn't think I promised too much," he stammered. "There are two
or three islands off this coast, known as the Coronado Islands. The big
one--you can see it plainly from here--is named Sealskin. No one knows
why. There are seals there, and they have skins. Perhaps that's the
reason. Or they may all be related, and the seals' kin play together on
the rocks."

"Be sensible, Chesty!" This from Mr. Cumberford, rather impatiently.

"I'm quite sensible of Miss Kane's annoyance," resumed Mr. Radley-Todd,
"but I hope she will find her task easy. She has merely to fly to
Sealskin Island, a dozen or fifteen miles--perhaps twenty--and
alight on the bosom of the blue Pacific. Mighty poetical in the
advertisements, eh? Then she'll ride back in motor boat fashion. When
she approaches the shore she is to mount into the air again, circle
around the hotel and land on the aviation field before the grand stand.
If any part of this program seems difficult, we can cut it out and tell
the reporters----"

"Steve," interrupted Orissa, "can I rise from the water into the air?"

"Of course. That's my pet invention. While skimming along the water you
lift this lever, free the propeller, then point your elevator and--up
you go!"

"Run out the machine. We will make a trial and you shall show me how
it is done. The rest of Chesty's program seems easy enough, and if I
master this little trick of rising from the water we will carry out our
contract to the letter."

"All right. Your costume is in that little dressing room in the corner,
Ris."

While his sister donned her short skirt, leggings and helmet, Stephen
Kane called his mechanicians and had the Hydro-Aircraft rolled out of
the hangar and headed toward the ocean. For himself, he merely put on a
sweater and his cap and visor, being ready long before Orissa appeared.

The inventor seldom flew his own craft, for an accidental fall had
lamed him so that he was not as expert an aviator as his sister had
proved to be. He was recovering from his hurt, however, and hoped the
injured leg would soon be good as new. Meantime Orissa was doing more
to render the Kane Aircraft famous than any man might have done.

A wire fence encircled the Kane-Cumberford Camp for some distance,
except on the ocean side, where the bluff protected it from invasion.
There was an entrance gate adjoining the beach road, and while the
assembled party awaited Orissa's appearance Steve noticed that a motor
car stopped at the gateway and a man and woman alighted and entered
the enclosure, leisurely approaching the spot where the Hydro-Aircraft
stood.

"Oh!" exclaimed Sybil, whose dark eyes were far-seeing; "it's that girl
who owns the yacht, Madeline what's-her-name."

"Dentry," said Steve. "I wonder if Orissa invited her here. Go and meet
them, Chesty, and find out."

Mr. Radley-Todd promptly unlimbered his long legs and advanced to meet
Madeline and Mr. Tupper. The press agent had an unlimited command of
language when driving his pen over paper, but was notably awkward in
expressing himself conversationally. He now stopped short before the
visitors, removed his hat and said:

"I--er--pardon me, but--er--was your appointment for this hour?"

"Is Miss Kane here, sir?" asked Madeline, unabashed.

"She is, Miss--er--er----"

"Dentry."

"Oh; thank you."

"Then I will see her," and she took a step forward. But Chesty Todd did
not move his huge bulk out of the way. So many curious and bold people
were prone to intrude on all aviators, and especially on Miss Kane,
that it was really necessary to deny them in a positive manner in order
to secure any privacy at all. The press agent, in his halting way,
tried to explain.

"We--er--Miss Kane--is about to--er--test the powers of our new
Hydro-Aircraft, and I regret to say that--er--er--the test is private,
you know."

"How fortunate that we came just now!" cried Madeline, eagerly, as
she flashed her most winning smile on the young man. "Please lead us
directly to Miss Kane, sir."

"Yes; of course; please lead us to Miss Kane," echoed Mr. Tupper
pompously.

Chesty succumbed and led them to the group surrounding the machine,
just as Orissa emerged from the hangar. Recognizing her recent
traveling companion, the Flying Girl ran up and greeted her cordially,
introducing her and Mr. Tupper to the others present.

"I'm going to try out our new Hy," she said, with a laugh. "'Hy,' you
must know, is my abbreviation of the Hydro-Aircraft--too long a word
altogether. If you will promise not to criticize us, in case we foozle,
you are welcome to watch our performance."

"That will be glorious," returned Madeline. "We have been to the bay
to inspect the _Salvador_, my new yacht, but being anxious to see your
new Aircraft and hoping to find you here, we ventured to stop for a few
minutes. Forgive us if we intruded."

She spoke so frankly and was so evidently unconscious of being
unwelcome that the entire group accepted her presence and that of her
uncle without murmur.

Steve took his place in the "Hy" and Orissa sat beside him.

The motor boat attachment, which took the place of the ordinary running
gear, was of sheet aluminum, as light and yet as strongly built as
was possible for a thing intended to be practical. Adjustable wheels,
which could be folded back when the boat was in the water, were placed
on either side, to give the craft a land start. The huge engine was
beautiful in appearance, while the planes--a crossed arrangement
peculiar to the Kane Aircraft--were immaculately white in their
graceful spread.

"This upper plane," said Steve, proud to explain the marvels of his
latest mechanical pet, "is so arranged that its position may be altered
by means of a lever. If you're on the water and want to save gasoline
you adjust the plane as a sail and let the wind drive you."

"Clever! Very clever, indeed," observed Mr. Tupper. "I had no idea
these flying machines had been improved so much since I last saw an
aviation meet, some six months ago."

"The art of flying is still in its infancy, sir," replied Mr.
Cumberford. "It is progressing with wonderful strides, however, and
young Kane is one of those remarkable geniuses who keep a pace ahead of
the procession."

Even as he spoke Steve started the engine, and as the first low rumble
of the propeller increased to a roar the machine darted forward, passed
the edge of the bluff and, rising slightly, sped over the placid waters
of the Pacific, straight out from shore.

He did not rise very high, but half a mile or so out the aviator
described a half-circle and then, as gracefully as a swan, sank to
the surface of the ocean. Instantly a white wake of foam appeared
at the rear of the boat, showing that the propeller was now churning
the water. And now, with speed that to the observers appeared almost
incredible, the Hydro-Aircraft approached the shore. A few yards from
the bluff it abruptly rose from the water, sailed above the heads of
the spectators, and after a circle of the field, came to a halt at
almost the exact spot from which it had started.

This remarkable performance had taken place in so brief a space of
time that those on the bluff had scarcely moved during the entire
period. They now hastened forward to congratulate the inventor. Mr.
Cumberford's grim features were for once wreathed in smiles; Chesty
Todd capered like a schoolboy and flung his hat into the air as he
yelled "Hooray!" while Sybil impulsively grasped Steve's hand in both
of her own. As for Madeline Dentry, she eyed the young man wonderingly,
asking herself if the marvel she seemed to have witnessed had actually
occurred.

"Do you know," said Mr. Tupper, his voice trembling with excitement, "I
wouldn't much mind a ride like that myself!"

Orissa was much pleased with this successful test of the new machine's
powers. As the men wheeled the Hydro-Aircraft back to its hangar she
turned to Chesty and said:

"I forgive you, sir. Really, you were too modest in your promises.
Sybil and I will carry out your program to the entire satisfaction of
the management and the public, I am positive."

"I can hardly wait for Monday, Ris," exclaimed Sybil. "If father wasn't
so afraid, I would learn to navigate the Hy myself."

"Ah, you interest me, my dear," returned her father, blandly; "you do,
really. But as your talents will never enable you to rival Orissa it
will be well for you to curb your ambitions. I've conceded a lot, to
allow you to go with her on that long jaunt Monday."

"You have, indeed," laughed Orissa. "But Sybil and I will have a real
joy ride, and be perfectly safe in the bargain. How long a time will
the trip take us, Steve?"

"Oh, a couple of hours, or so; it will depend on whether the current is
favorable to your paddling back. In the air you can do forty miles an
hour, easily."

"We will take some lunch with us," said Sybil. "Don't forget to order
it, Daddy."

Mr. Cumberford nodded. Unimpressionable as this strange man seemed,
his daughter was verily the "apple of his eye" and he was not likely
to forget anything that might add to her comfort. Sybil's desire to
aviate had been a constant source of disturbance to her father. He
had worried a good deal over Orissa, during her first attempts to
fly, but was now convinced of the girl's capability and, although he
exhibited nervousness every time she gave one of her exhibitions, he
had by degrees acquired supreme confidence in her skill. Still, being
thoroughly experienced in all aviation matters, through his connection
with the Kane Aircraft, Mr. Cumberford realized that flying is always
accompanied by danger, and whenever an aviator met with an accident
on the field he was wont to inform Sybil that on no account could she
ever accompany Orissa again in a flight. He would even urge Orissa
to abandon the dangerous work; but she answered him gravely: "This
accident, as well as all others I ever heard of, was the result of
carelessness and inexperience. The more flights I make the less liable
am I to encounter accident. Perhaps I realize better than you do, Mr.
Cumberford, the elements of danger, and that is the reason I am so
careful to avoid every hazard."

Flying was an intoxication to Sybil. She never had enough of it and
always complained to Orissa that their flights were of too short
duration. Each time she was obliged to plead and argue with her
father for days, before obtaining his consent to let her go, and even
now, when he had given his reluctant permission to Chesty Todd to
advertise Sybil as the companion of the Flying Girl, he was frequently
impelled to forbid the adventure. His only consolation was that the new
invention seemed very safe and practical, and with Orissa's guiding
hands at the levers his beloved daughter would be as well guarded as
possible under such conditions.

As a matter of fact, protests from Mr. Cumberford had little value,
as Sybil possessed a knack of getting her own way under any and all
circumstances. She had really no great desire to operate an aëroplane
herself, being quite content to remain a passenger and enjoy the
freedom of riding, untrammeled by the necessity of being alert every
instant to control the machine.

Orissa, excusing herself, retired to the hangar to change her costume,
and the young inventor was left to listen to the enthusiastic comments
of his friends.

"When will your Hydro-Aircraft be on the market, Mr. Kane?" asked
Madeline.

"In the course of the next three months we expect to complete two other
machines," he replied.

"I want one of them," she said quickly. "Will you teach me how to
operate it?"

"Of course," he answered. "That is part of the bargain. But you have
not asked the price, and for all business transactions I must refer you
to Mr. Cumberford."

"Madeline, my dear! My dear Madeline!" protested Mr. Tupper; "what in
the world are you thinking of?"

"That I would give Mr. Cumberford a check at once," she calmly answered.

"But I--we--that is, I can't permit it; I--I really can't allow it,
my dear!" asserted the gentleman, evidently alarmed by her positive
attitude.

Madeline's slight form stiffened and her eyes flashed defiantly.

"Mr. Tupper," said she to her uncle, "do I employ you to advise me, or
to manage my business affairs?"

That he was greatly humiliated by this attack was evident. His face
grew red and he half turned away, hesitating to make reply. Then Mr.
Cumberford came to Mr. Tupper's assistance.

"Your--eh--friend--is quite right, Miss Dentry; quite right to oppose
your--eh--reckless impulse, if I may put it that way. Your enthusiasm
interests me; it--eh--interests me greatly; but for your own welfare
and the comfort of mind of your friends, I should advise you
to--eh--curb your adventurous spirit, for the present. You have what
is known as the 'Flying Fever,' which attacks the most conservative
people when on the aviation field. Let it alone and it will dissipate,
in time; but if you nurse it you--eh--buy a flying machine and become a
slave. We have machines to sell, you know; we are anxious to dispose of
all we can; but kindly keep your check for three months, and if at the
end of that time you are still disposed to purchase, I will deliver the
machine to you promptly."

"How can you do that? The demand will be greater than your ability to
build the Hydro-Aircraft, after the exhibition of next Monday," she
affirmed.

Mr. Cumberford regarded her thoughtfully.

"I believe you are right," said he. "Anyhow, I hope you are right. But
I'll promise to reserve a machine, pending your decision. Young ladies
who are seriously determined to become aviators and who--eh--have the
means to indulge the fad to any extent, are rare; very rare. Therefore,
my dear Miss Dentry, you--eh--interest me, and I'll keep my promise."

Madeline could not refuse to admit the fairness of Mr. Cumberford's
proposition, and Mr. Tupper was grateful to him for his efficient
support, so harmony was once more restored. Sybil, indeed, smiled
derisively as she exchanged a meaning glance with Madeline--a glance
that said as intelligently as words: "How clever these men think
themselves, and how helpless they really are to oppose us!"

Then Miss Dentry invited them all, including Chesty Todd, to dine on
board her yacht the next day, which was Sunday, and the invitation
being promptly accepted they all motored back to the hotel.




                              CHAPTER III

                       A PRODIGY IN AERONAUTICS


San Diego Bay is always interesting, with its shipping from all
ports of the world, but on this gorgeous Sunday afternoon there was
no prettier sight among the scattered craft than the trim yacht
_Salvador_, lying at anchor just north of the ferry path. The
Kane-Cumberford party found a small launch awaiting them at the pier,
which quickly took them aboard the big white yacht, where Madeline,
attired in appropriate sailor costume, cordially welcomed them.

"This affair is fully as great a novelty to me as it must be to you,"
she explained, as they cast admiring glances over the decks. "I bought
the boat of an Englishman several months ago, with the understanding
it should be delivered to me here; but I only arrived to claim it the
day before yesterday. It has a crew of seven, besides the chef, who,
I must admit, is my own selection, as I feared to trust the English
taste in cookery. The English crew, however, seems capable and every
man jack wants to stay with the boat; so I've agreed to keep them. I'll
introduce you to the skipper presently. He rejoices in the title of
'Captain' and has quite awed me with his superior manner and splendid
uniform. But I'll introduce you to the creations of my chef, first,
for dinner is waiting. Forgive Monsieur Champetre, if he falls down
occasionally; he is as unused to the kitchen--or is it scullery? Oh, I
know; the 'galley'--as I am to the cabin."

Really the chef needed no excuses, and after the meal they made
a thorough inspection of the beautiful craft, peeping into the
state-rooms, the men's quarters and even into the sacred galley.
Everyone aboard, including the big, bluff skipper, was so proud of the
boat that he delighted to have it exhibited, and when it was understood
that the slim, beautiful young lady guest was the famous Flying Girl
the deference shown Orissa was amusing.

"I had intended to test the _Salvador_ to-morrow and make a short run
to sea in it," said Madeline; "but I am so eager to witness the aërial
exhibitions that I shall postpone the voyage until later. My yacht is
permanent, but this Aviation Meet is temporary."

The visitors returned to their hotel early in the afternoon, for
Orissa and Sybil had still a few preparations to make for the
morrow's trip, while Steve and Mr. Cumberford decided to pay a visit
to the aviation field, to which both the Kane Aircraft and the Kane
Hydro-Aircraft had been removed by the mechanicians in charge of them.
Chesty Todd's labors that Sunday evening were perhaps more onerous than
those of the others of his party, for he had to meet an aggressive band
of newspaper reporters and load each one to the brim with material
for a double-header next morning. Having served as a journalist--and
an able one--himself, Mr. Radley-Todd understood exactly the sort of
priming these publicity guns required.

The home of the Kanes was a delightful orange ranch near Los Angeles,
where the blind mother of Stephen and Orissa--their only parent--lived
surrounded by every comfort and devoted attendants, while her boy and
girl were engaged in the novel and somewhat hazardous exhibitions of
the new Kane Aircraft. Orissa had remained at home with her mother
while Stephen was perfecting his latest machine at San Diego, and
had not left there until it was necessary to prepare for the Meet,
in which she had engaged to take part. Mrs. Kane, perhaps because
of her blindness, seemed to have little anxiety on account of
her daughter's ventures, although at the time of Orissa's first
flights her nervousness had been poignant. Assured of her girl's
skill and coolness, the mother had come to accept these occasions
philosophically, as far as the danger was concerned, and she was
naturally interested in Steve's inventions and overjoyed at the
financial success which Mr. Cumberford's business ability had already
insured the firm.

This Sunday evening Orissa wrote a long letter to her mother, telling
how perfectly her brother's new machine worked, and assuring Mrs. Kane
of her confidence in winning new laurels for Stephen on the morrow.
"The latest engine, made for the Hy, is more powerful than were
the others," she added, "but its operation is practically the same
and while the combination of boat and aircraft necessitated a more
complicated arrangement of the control, I have easily mastered all the
details and could take the whole thing apart and put it together again,
if obliged to do so."

The girl slept peacefully that night and neither she nor Sybil were in
the least nervous when they went to the aviation field, overlooking the
sea, after an early luncheon on Monday.

They found the Kane Hydro-Aircraft reposing majestically in its
hangar, in perfect order and constantly surrounded by a group of
admiring and interested spectators. The little band of professional
aviators present at the Meet welcomed Orissa very cordially, for every
one of them knew and admired the brave girl who had so often proved her
ability to manage her brother's machines.

The grand stand was packed with spectators, and long rows of
automobiles lined the edge of the enclosure reserved for the exhibitors.

The "Kane Event," as it was called, was early on the program of the
day, for it was understood that the flight over the ocean and the
voyage back would consume much of the afternoon. Many had brought
binoculars and other powerful glasses to watch the Flying Girl and her
chum during their progress.

Sealskin Island lay a little to the south of the aviation field and
was one of a group of barren rocks jutting out of the sea and plainly
visible from the mainland. The Coronado Islands, which have little or
no value, belong to Mexico, as the Mexican boundary is only twelve
miles south of San Diego, and this group, although not appearing to be
so far south, is below the line claimed by the United States. Therefore
Orissa's flight would be in a southwesterly direction and most of her
journey made in plain view of every spectator.

As the "Hy" was run out to the center of the field Steve said to Orissa:

"I've anchored an aluminum chest just back of your seats, at the
suggestion of Mr. Cumberford. In it are all the tools you could
possibly need in case of emergency, a couple of warm blankets to use
if your return trip proves chilly, and enough 'lunch'--which I think
Sybil pleaded for--to last you both a week. The chest enables you to
carry all this safely and comfortably, and it won't be at all in your
way. Personally, I think such a precaution wholly unnecessary, but Mr.
Cumberford is a good deal of an old woman where Sybil is concerned
and it is easier to give up to him than to try to argue him out of an
idea. Take the trip easy, Ris; we don't need to make time. What we want
to demonstrate is the practicability of the machine, and we ourselves
already know that it is thoroughly practical, and we therefore ought to
be able to convince the world of the fact."

Orissa nodded.

"How about gasoline?" she asked.

"Both tanks are filled. There's enough to run you a hundred miles in
air and fifty miles in water, which is far more than you will require.
Be gentle with the steering gear; it is such a long connection that it
doesn't respond as readily as the old one, and I guess I've made the
rods a trifle too light. I mean to rig up a more substantial device as
soon as I get time, but this will do you all right if you don't jerk
it. Put a little more strength to the wheel and turn it gradually,
that's all."

"I understand," she replied. "Are you ready, Sybil?"

"Waiting on you, Ris."

"And I think the crowd is waiting on us."

The band was at this moment playing its loudest and most stirring
tune and as the two venturesome girls, dressed in appropriate aërial
costume, appeared on the field, wildly enthusiastic shouts rose from
ten thousand spectators. Chesty Todd had decorated the braces of the
machine with bunches of fresh violets and the aluminum and nickeled
parts shone gloriously in the sun.

"Be good, Sybil," said Mr. Cumberford. "Take care of her, Orissa."

The girls laughed, for this was the old gentleman's customary parting
warning.

"All right, Ris," said Steve.

She applied the power and one of the mechanicians gave the propeller
a preliminary whirl. Then Orissa threw in the automatic clutch that
started the machine and it ran forward a few feet and promptly rose
into the air. A moment later it was speeding straight out to sea, at an
altitude of a hundred feet, and the wonderful voyage of Stephen Kane's
new Hydro-Aircraft was begun--a voyage destined to vary considerably
from the program mapped out for it.




                              CHAPTER IV

                          THE ALUMINUM CHEST


Orissa realized quite perfectly that Sealskin Island was much farther
away from the mainland than it appeared, so on leaving the shore she
pursued a direction straight west for several miles, intending to make
a turn and proceed south to the island which was the terminus of her
flight. That prolonged the trip somewhat, but she figured it would
prove more interesting to the spectators, since for a part of the
journey she would be flying parallel with the coast. On the return she
planned to run straight back from the island.

When she decided they had reached a point about as far out as was the
island, she attempted to make the turn--a mere segment of a circle--but
in spite of Steve's warning Orissa was surprised at the stiffness of
the steering gear. The engines were working beautifully and developing
excellent speed, but the girl found she must apply all her strength to
the wheel to make the turn.

She succeeded, and brought the head to bear directly upon the island,
but the gear grated and stuck so persistently that Orissa's effort
sent the entire craft careening at a steep angle. Sybil gave a gasp
and clung to the supporting rods and both girls heard a loud "chug"
that indicated something was wrong; but the Kane balancing device was
so perfect that almost immediately the machine righted itself and
regained its equilibrium, darting swiftly and in a straight line in the
direction of the island.

"What was it?" asked Sybil, putting her head close to Orissa's to be
heard above the whir of the motors behind them.

"The steering gear binds; that's all," was the quiet response. "I think
it will work better when we are in the water."

"But what made that noise? Didn't something give way?" persisted Sybil.

"Glance behind us, dear, and see."

Sybil carefully turned so as to examine the parts of the aëroplane.

"Oh!" she exclaimed.

"Well?" said Orissa.

"That chest that Steve loaded us with. It has broken away from its
fastenings and is jammed edge downward against your gear."

Orissa thought about it.

"That's unfortunate," said she. "I suppose the bolts broke when we
tipped so badly. But it hasn't interfered with our engines any."

"No," answered Sybil, still examining the conditions; "but it has
interfered seriously with your control, I fear. Both your levers are
thrown out of position and even the front elevator bars are badly bent."

For the first time a worried expression appeared on Orissa's face.

"If that is true," she said, "our best plan is to return at once."

"Do," urged Sybil, her dark eyes very serious.

Orissa tried to turn the wheel. It resisted. She applied more strength.
Something snapped and the released wheel whirled so freely that the
girl nearly lost her seat. Recovering instantly she turned a pale face
to her companion and said:

"We're wrecked, Sybil. But don't worry. With the boat under us and in
this quiet sea we shall be quite safe."

"I'm not worrying--especially--Ris," was the reply; "but it occurs to
me to wonder how you're going to get down to the ocean."

"Why?"

"You can't stop the engines, unless one of us crawls back over the
planes."

"I can cut off the spark." She tried it, but the engines chugged as
merrily as before. "Guess there must be a short circuit," gasped Orissa.

"And you can't depress your elevator, I'm sure."

"I'll try it," announced Orissa, grimly.

But the fatal chest balked her attempt. The elevator was steadfastly
wedged into its present position; the engines were entirely beyond
control and the two helpless girls faced one of the most curious
conditions ever known in the history of aviation.

At an altitude of perhaps a hundred and fifty feet from the water the
aëroplane sped swiftly on its way, headed a trifle to the west of
south. It passed Sealskin Island even while the girls were discussing
their dilemma, and stubbornly maintained its unfaltering course. The
air conditions were perfect for flying; scarcely a breath of wind was
felt; the sky above was blue as azure.

Suddenly Sybil laughed.

"What now?" demanded Orissa.

"I was thinking of the consternation on shore at about this moment,"
explained Miss Cumberford. "Won't they be amazed to see us continue
this course, beyond the island? Not understanding our trouble, Daddy
will think we're running away."

"So we are," replied Orissa. "I wish I knew where we are running to."

"I suppose we can't stop till the gasoline gives out," said Sybil.

Orissa shook her head.

"That's what scares me," she admitted. "Even now the Mexican shore is
a mere line at the left. We're gradually diverging to a point farther
out at sea, and when at last we alight, drained of the last drop of
gasoline, how are we to run the boat back?"

"We can't. Steve's wonderful Hy will become a mere floating buoy on the
bosom of the rolling blue," responded Sybil lightly. "Oh, I'm so glad I
came, Ris! I'd no idea we were going to have such fun."

Orissa did not return her chum's smile.

"Sit still and balance her, Sybil," she said. "I'm going to make an
investigation."

Exercising the necessary caution she turned and knelt upon the foot
bar, clinging to the seat rail and in this position facing the Aircraft
so she could examine its mechanism. Sybil had described the condition
of things quite accurately. The engine control was cut off and as the
gasoline tanks fed from the rear Orissa had no way of stopping the
flow. The steering gear was broken and the front elevator firmly
wedged in position by the chest.

"I wonder if we could manage to move this thing," she said, and getting
a hand on one corner of the aluminum chest she gave a tug and tried
to raise it. It proved solid and unyielding. Not heavy in itself, or
perhaps in its contents, the thing was caught between the rods in such
a manner that no strength of the girls, limited in movement as they
were, could budge it a particle.

Realizing this, and the folly of leaving the seats to get at the
gasoline feed, Orissa resumed her place and faced the inevitable as
bravely as she could.

"Steve told me," she said to Sybil, "that the gasoline would last a
hundred miles in air and fifty in water; that's at least two hundred
miles in an air line. Have you any idea where we shall be by that time?"

"Not the slightest," responded her companion, cheerfully. "Ocean,
of course; but latitude and longitude a mystery--and not important,
anyhow."

Sybil Cumberford was a reserved and silent girl on most occasions.
Few were attracted toward her, on this account. Her dark eyes seemed
to regard the world with critical toleration and she gave one the
impression of considering herself quite independent of her fellows.
Moreover, Sybil was eccentric in character and prone to do and say
things that invoked the grave displeasure of her associates, seeming
to delight in confusing and annoying them. But there was a brighter
side to this queer girl's nature, which developed only in the society
of her trusted friends. On any occasion that demanded courage and
resourcefulness she came to the front nobly, and at such times Sybil
Cumberford became vivacious, helpful and inspiriting.

Here was such an occasion. Danger was the joy of Sybil's heart and
the "breath of her nostrils." Indifferent to the ordinary details of
life, any adventure that promised tribulation or disaster was fervently
welcomed. Then the girl's spirits rose, her intellect fairly bristled
and she developed an animation and joyous exhilaration entirely at
variance with her usual demeanor.

So now, as Orissa Kane, a girl of proved courage and undaunted spirit,
grew solemn and anxious at the perilous condition that confronted them,
Sybil Cumberford became gay and animated.

"It's such an unusual thing, and so wholly unexpected!" she said
blithely. "I'm sure, Ris, that no two girls who ever lived--in this
world or any other--ever found themselves in a like dilemma. We're as
helpless as babes, chummie dear; only no babes were ever forced to fly,
willy-nilly, for hundreds of miles through the air to some forlorn spot
in the dank, moist ocean."

Orissa let her chatter. She was trying to realize what it might mean
to them and how and when, if ever, they might be rescued from their
difficulties.

"Our great mistake," continued Sybil, as they swept along, "was in not
rigging the machine with a wireless outfit. To be sure, neither of us
could operate it; but a wireless, in such a case--if we understood its
mysteries--would solve our problem."

"How?" asked Orissa.

"We could call up the shore at San Diego and tell them what's happened,
and give them the direction in which we are flying; then they could
send a fast steamer for us, or perhaps Madeline Dentry would loan her
yacht."

"They may follow us with a steamer, anyhow," said Orissa, thoughtfully.
"If we manage to land safely, Sybil--which means if we drop to the
water right-side-up--we could float for some days, until we were found
and rescued."

"Thirst is a terrible thing, at sea; and hunger is almost as bad."

"But in that dreadful chest, which has caused all our trouble, Steve
told me he had packed provisions. Probably there is water there, too,"
asserted Orissa, hopefully.

"Yes, Dad said there was lunch for two. Well, that's one good feed
we shall have, anyhow, provided the chest doesn't get away from us
entirely, and we can manage to open it. In its present position,
neither event is at all probable."

She seemed to love to discover and point out the gloomy side of their
adventure, that she might exult in the dangers that menaced them.

Meantime, swift and straight as an arrow the Aircraft continued on its
course. Not a skip to the engines, not an indication of any sort that
the flight would be interrupted as long as a drop of gasoline remained
in the tanks. They could only be patient and await the finale as
bravely as possible.




                               CHAPTER V

                       THE LAST DROP OF GASOLINE


Hour after hour they flew, while each hour seemed, to Orissa, at least,
a month in duration. Sybil chatted and laughed, refusing to take their
misfortune seriously.

"But," said she, "I'm getting famished. An air-trip always stimulates
the appetite and that lunch of Steve's is so very near to us--and yet
so far! I How did he expect us to get at the repast, anyhow?"

"Why, in water," replied Orissa, "the chest and its contents would be
handy enough. I do not think it would be safe for us to creep into the
boat underneath us now, for we must maintain the aërial balance; but,
even if we could get below, we couldn't open the chest while it is
wedged crosswise among the braces and levers."

"All true, milady," commented Sybil, her usually pale cheeks now
flushed with excitement. "Our present stunt is to 'sit still and take
our medicine,' as the saying goes."

By this time the Mexican coast had vanished entirely and only the
placid blue waters of the Pacific remained visible, even from the
altitude of the Aircraft. Once or twice they sighted a small island,
bleak and bare, for this part of the ocean is filled with tiny islets,
most of which are unfertile and uninhabited. Farther along, in the
South Pacific, such islands have verdure and inhabitants.

At about four o'clock a change occurred in the atmospheric conditions.
A brisk wind arose, blowing steadily for a time from the southwest
and then suddenly developing puffs and eddies that caused the
Aircraft to wobble dangerously. One powerful gust seized the helpless
flying-machine and whirled it around like a toy balloon, but failed
to destroy its equilibrium because the girls balanced it with their
bodies as well as they might. When their craft was released, however,
it pointed in a new direction--this time straight west. An hour later
a similar gust swept its head to the southward, and in this direction
it was still flying when the red sun dipped into the water and twilight
fell.

"I don't like this, Syb," said Orissa, anxiously. "If the gasoline
holds out much longer it will be dark, and when we drop our danger will
be doubled."

"What will be the fashion of our dropping, anyhow?" asked Sybil. "We
can't volplane, with no control of the rudder. Chances are, dear, the
thing will just tip over and spill us in the damp."

"Hold fast, if it does that," cautioned Orissa. "If we become separated
from the boat we will drown like rats. The engine may swamp the boat,
in any event, but it has air compartments which will keep it afloat
under any favorable conditions, and we must trust to luck, Sybil--and
to our own coolness."

"All right, Ris. A watery grave doesn't appeal to me just now," was
the reply. "I'm too hungry to drown comfortably, and that's a fact. On
a full stomach I imagine one could face perpetual soaking with more
complacency."

"Huh!" cried Orissa. "Listen!"

Sybil was already listening, fully as alert as her chum. The speed of
the engine was diminishing. Gradually the huge propeller slackened its
rapid revolutions, while its former roar subsided to a mere moan.

"Thank goodness," said Sybil, fervently, "the gasoline is gone at last!"

"Look out, then," warned Orissa.

With a final, reluctant "chug-chug!" the engine stopped short. Like a
huge gull the frail craft remained poised in the air a moment and then
a sudden light breeze swept it on. It was falling, however, impelled
by its own weight, and singularly enough it reversed its position and
proceeded before the wind with the stem foremost.

Splash! It wasn't so bad, after all. Not a volplane, to be sore,
but a gentle drop, the weight of the heavy engine sustained by the
"air-cushions" formed beneath the planes.

Orissa wiped the spray from her eyes.

"That would have been a regular bump, on land," Sybil was saying
affably, "but the old ocean has received us with gracious tenderness.
Are we sinking, Ris, or do we float?"

How suddenly the darkness was falling! Orissa leaned from her seat and
found the water had turned to a color nearly as black as ink. Beneath
her the bow of the aluminum motor boat was so depressed that it was
almost even with the water and as it bobbed up and down with the waves
it was shipping the inky fluid by the dipperful.

She scrambled out of the seat, then, to step gingerly over the unlucky
chest and crouch upon a narrow seat of the little boat, near the stern.

"Come, Sybil," she called; "and be very careful."

Sybil promptly descended to the boat, which now rode evenly upon the
waves. In this position the propeller was just under water and the
engine rested over the center of the light but strong little craft.
But propeller and engine were alike useless to them now. Overhead the
planes spread like huge awnings, but they carried so little weight that
they did not affect the balance of the boat.

"Steve planned well," murmured Orissa, with a sigh. "If only he had
never thought of that dreadful chest, we would not be in this fix."

As she spoke she kicked the chest a little resentfully with her foot,
and it seemed to move. Sybil leaned forward to eye it as closely as the
gathering darkness would allow.

"Why, Ris," she exclaimed, "the thing has come loose. Help me to tip it
up."

Between them they easily raised the chest to its former position, where
it rested just before them. Steve had bolted it at either end, but one
of the bolts had broken away and the other had bent at almost a right
angle. Perhaps this last bolt would have broken, too, had not the
chest, in falling, become wedged against the braces.

"This horrid box has heretofore been our dire enemy," remarked Sybil;
"but let us be forgiving and encourage it to make amends--for it holds
eatables. How does the cover open, Ris?"

Stephen had shown Orissa how to work the sliding catch and in a moment
the girl had the lid open and held it upright while Sybil searched
within.

"Hooray! We've discovered a regular cafeteria," said the latter,
jubilantly, as she drew out a number of parcels. "I was afraid we'd
have to nibble, Orissa, so as not to gorge ourselves to-night and
starve to-morrow; but I reckon there's enough to last two delicate
girls like us a week. What shall we tackle first?"

"Let us plan a little, dear," suggested Orissa, restraining her own
eagerness, for she was hungry, too. "We cannot possibly tell to-night
what this precious chest contains or how much food there really is. We
must wait for daylight to take an inventory. But here are some tins, we
know, which will keep, and that package of sandwiches on your lap is
perishable; so I propose we confine our feast to those for to-night."

"Perishable it is, Cap'n," answered Sybil, consuming half a sandwich at
a single bite. "If there's only a pickle to go with these breadspreads
I shall be content. It's not only luncheon that we're indulging in,
you know; it's our regular dinner, as well, and there ought to be two
courses--pickles and sandwiches--at the least."

"You must feel for the pickles, then," returned Orissa, intent upon her
own sandwich, "for it's too dark to use eyes just now."

Sybil found the pickles--who ever put up a lunch for two girls without
including pickles?--and declared she was quite content.

"If we hadn't discovered the eats, my dear Cap'n," she remarked with
cheery satisfaction, "I think I could have dined on my own shoes.
That's a happy thought; we'll keep the shoes in reserve. I'd no idea
one's appetite could get such an edge, after being tantalized for a few
hours."

"Do you realize, Sybil," asked Orissa in a grave tone, as she took her
second sandwich, "that we must pass the night in this wiggly, insecure
boat?"

"What's insecure about it?" demanded Sybil.

"It won't stand much of a sea, I fear. This attachment to the Aircraft
was intended for pleasant weather."

"All right; the weather's delightful. Those long, gentle rolls will
merely rock us to sleep. And--Oh, Ris!--we'll have rolls for breakfast."

"Do be serious, Syb! Suppose a storm catches us before morning?"

"Then please wake me up. Where do you suppose we are, anyhow?"

"I've no idea," answered Orissa, soberly. "We must have traveled a
couple of hundred miles, but it wasn't in a straight line, by any
means. Let's see. Perhaps a hundred miles on our first course--over
Sealskin Island and nearly south--then forty or fifty miles north----"

"Oh, no; west."

"Yes; so it was. Then twenty-odd miles south, ten miles or so east, a
couple or three miles west again, and then--and then----"

"Dear me! Don't bother your head with it, Orissa. We zigzagged like
a drunken man. The only fact we can positively nail is that we were
getting farther away from home--or our friends, rather--every minute.
That's a bad thing, come to think of it. They'll never know where to
search for us."

"True," responded Orissa. "But I am sure they will search, and search
diligently, so we must manage to keep afloat until they find us. What
shall we do now, Sybil?"

"Sleep," was the prompt reply. "If we lift this seat off--it seems to
be removable--I think there is room enough for us both to cuddle down
in the bottom of the boat."

"Oh, Sybil!" This from Orissa, rather reproachfully.

"Well, I can't imagine anything more sensible to do," asserted her
chum, with a yawn. "These air-rides not only encourage hunger, but
sleep. Did you cork that bottle of water? I want another drink."

"I--I think we'd better economize on the water," suggested Orissa, "at
least until morning, when we can find out if there's any more in the
chest."

"All right. Help me bail out this overflow and then we'll cuddle down."

"Steve said there were two blankets in the chest," said Orissa,
presently, when the bottom of the boat was dry. "I'll search for them."

She found the blankets easily, by feeling through the contents of the
chest. Offering no further objection to Sybil's plan, she prepared
their bed for the night. Neither of these girls had ever "roughed it"
to any extent, but in spite of the peril of their situation and the
liability of unforeseen dangers overtaking them, they were resourceful
enough and courageous enough to face the conditions with a degree of
intrepid interest. Afloat on an unknown part of the broad Pacific,
with merely a tiny aluminum boat for protection, with final escape
from death uncertain and chances of rescue remote, these two carefully
nurtured young girls, who had enjoyed loving protection all their
lives, were so little influenced by fear that they actually exchanged
pleasantries as they spread their blankets and rolled themselves in the
coverings for the night.

"The lack of a pillow bothers me most," remarked Sybil. "I think I
shall rest my head on one of those cans of baked beans."

"I advise you not to; you might eat them in your sleep," was Orissa's
comment.

"May I rest my head upon you, chummie dear?"

"You may not. Try the engine."

"That's hard. And there are enough wheels in my head already, without
pounding my ear with them. Suggest something else."

"Your own elbow, then."

"Thanks, dear. Where's that slab of aluminum that used to be a seat?"

It was a happy thought and furnished them both with a headrest. The
seat was not an ideal pillow, but it answered the purpose because there
was nothing better.




                              CHAPTER VI

                               CASTAWAYS


"Well, I declare!" exclaimed Orissa, sitting up.

After a moment Sybil said, sleepily:

"Go ahead and declare it, Ris. Only, if we're drowned, please break the
news to me gently!"

"How strange!" muttered Orissa, still staring.

Sybil stirred, threw off the blanket and also rose to a sitting
position.

"If it's a secret," she began, "then--Oh, goodness me!"

During the night the boat with its great overhead planes had gently
floated into a little bay, where the water was peaceful as a millpond.
Two points of black rock projected on either side of them, outlining
the bay. Between these points appeared an island--a mass of tumbled
rocks guiltless of greenery. There was a broad strip of clean, smooth
sand on the shore, barely covering the slaty ledge, but back of that
the jumble of rocks began, forming irregular hillocks, and beyond these
hillocks, which extended for some distance inland, there seemed to be
a great dip in the landscape--or rockscape--far back of which arose a
low mountain formed of the same unlovely material as all else.

"It's an island!" gasped Sybil, rubbing her eyes to make sure they were
working properly. "Now, see here, Cap'n Ris, I want it understood right
now which one of us is to be Robinson Crusoe and which the Man Friday.
Seems to me, I being the passenger and you the charioteer, the prestige
is on my side; so I claim the Crusoe part. I can't grow whiskers, and
I'm not likely to find a parrot to perch on my shoulder, but I'll
promise to enact the part as well as circumstances will permit."

"I can't see a sign of life," announced Orissa, regretfully. "There
isn't even a bird hovering over the place."

"Lizards and snakes among the rocks, though, I'll bet," responded
Sybil, with a grimace. "All these rocky Pacific islands are snaky, they
say. I wonder if I can learn to charm 'em. You don't object to my being
Crusoe, do you?"

Orissa sighed; then she turned to her cheery comrade with a smile.

"Not at all," said she. "But I'll be Columbus, the Discoverer, for I've
discovered a desert island while you were peacefully dreaming."

"There's no desert about your island," stated Sybil. "A desert would
be a relief. What you've discovered, Miss Ris Columbus--or what's
discovered us, rather--is a rock heap."

"Desert or not, it's deserted, all right," maintained Orissa.

"And you may not have discovered it, after all," said Sybil, musingly
examining the place. "These seas have been pretty well explored, I
guess, and although no nation would particularly care to pin a flag to
this bunch of rocks, the maps may indicate it clearly."

"Ah, if we only had a map!" cried Orissa eagerly.

"What good would it do us?" asked Sybil. "It couldn't help us to find
ourselves, for we don't know what especial dot on the map we've arrived
at. With Muggins' Complete Atlas in hand, and a geography teacher
thrown in, we wouldn't be able to pick out this island from the ones
that litter these seas."

"That is, unfortunately, quite true," sighed Orissa; "and anyhow it's
not worth an argument because we have no map. But we must be up and
doing, Sybil. If we are to keep ourselves alive, we must take advantage
of every favorable circumstance."

"What time is it?" yawned Sybil.

Orissa looked at her watch.

"A little after six."

"Call me at eight. I can't get up at six o'clock; it's too early,
entirely."

"But you went to bed at about seven."

"Did I? Well, how about breakfast?"

"We must inspect our stores and take inventory. Then we must plan to
make the provisions last as long as possible."

"How dreadful! Why, this is a real adventure, Ris--threatened famine,
and all that. We're regular castaways, like we read about in the
fifteen-cent story magazines, and I wouldn't be surprised if we had to
endure many inconveniences; would you?"

"Sybil," said Orissa earnestly, "we are face to face with privation,
danger, and perhaps death. I'm glad you can be cheerful, but we must
understand our terrible position and endeavor to survive as long as
possible. We know very well that our friends will have a hard time
finding us, for they cannot guess what part of the ocean we descended
in. It may take days--perhaps weeks--for them to discover us in this
dreary place, and meantime we must guard our safety to the best of our
ability."

"Naturally," agreed Sybil, duly impressed by this speech. "Your head is
clearer and better than mine, Orissa; so you shall take command, and
I'll gladly follow your instructions. You mean to land, don't you? I'm
tired of this cramped little boat and even a rocky island is better
than no refuge at all."

"Of course we must land," replied Orissa; "and that, I think, must be
our first task. The shore is only a stone's throw from here, but we're
fast on a sand bar, and how to get off is a problem."

Sybil began to take off her leggings, then her shoes and stockings.

"We'll wade," she said.

Orissa peered over the side.

"It's very shallow. I think we can wade to shore, Syb, and pull the Hy
in after us. We must get the whole thing high and dry on the beach, if
possible."

Sybil plumbed the water by tying a can of sardines to a cord from
around one of the parcels.

"I guess we can make it all right, Cap'n," she said. "It's not very
deep."

"It may be a lot deeper closer in. But I guess we'll have to take a
chance on it. And if the worst comes to the worst we _can_ dry our
clothes on the beach."

The sun was showing brilliantly above the horizon as the two girls
stepped into the water. Both could swim fairly well, but where the boat
was grounded on the sand bar the water was scarcely knee-deep. They
dragged Steve's invention over the bar with little difficulty, the
wheels materially assisting their efforts. Beyond the bar the water
deepened in spots, and once, as they drew the wrecked Hy after them,
the waves reached perilously high. Then they struck the shelving beach
and found hard sand under their feet.

By pushing and hauling energetically they managed to run the boat, with
its attached planes, to the shore, where the wheels on either side
enabled them to roll it up the slope until, as Orissa said, it was
"high and dry."

"Seems to me," remarked Sybil, panting, "we ought to have breakfasted
first, for all this exercise has made me ravenous. That'll diminish our
precious store of eatables considerably, I fear."

With the machine safely landed they proceeded to dress themselves,
after which Orissa arranged upon the sand the entire contents of the
aluminum chest. A kit of tools, adapted for use on the Aircraft,
together with some extra bolts, a strut or two and a coil of steel wire
were first placed carefully on one side.

"With these," said the girl, "I can easily repair the damage to our
machine."

"But what's the use, without gasoline?" asked Sybil.

Orissa had no reply to this. She proceeded to inspect the provisions.
Mr. Cumberford had a way of always providing enough for a regiment
when he intended to feed a few, so in ordering lunch for two girls on
an aërial voyage his usual prodigality had been in evidence. Perhaps
with an intuition that a delay or even an accident might occur to Sybil
and Orissa, the old gentleman had even exceeded his record, in this
instance. A big box of dainty sandwiches had been supplemented by three
cartons of biscuits, a whole Edam cheese, a bottle of pickles, two huge
packages of cakes and eighteen tins of provisions, provided with keys
for opening them. These consisted of sardines, potted ham and chicken,
baked beans, chipped beef and the like. In another parcel was a whole
roasted duck, in still another an apple pie, while two jars of jam
completed the list of edibles. For the voyagers to drink Mr. Cumberford
had added two half-gallon jars of distilled water, a bottle of grape
juice, two of ginger ale and one of lemonade.

The girls examined this stock with profound gravity.

"I wish," said Orissa, "there had been more bread and biscuits, for we
are going to need the substantials rather more than the delicacies."

"Thank goodness we have anything!" exclaimed Sybil. "I suppose we must
breakfast on the cakes and jam, and save the other truck until later."

"That's the idea," approved Orissa. "The cakes won't keep for long;
even the sandwiches will outlast them, I think."

"True, if I eat all the cake I want," added Sybil. "Cakes and jam make
a queer breakfast, Orissa. In New England the pie would be appropriate."

"Let's save the pie--for lunch."

"Agreed. Breakfast isn't usually my strong point, you know."

As they ate, seated together upon the sands, they cast many curious
glances at the interior of the island--a prospect forbidding enough.

"Do you know," said Orissa, "the scarcity of food doesn't worry me so
much as the scarcity of water. Grape juice and ginger ale are well
enough in their way, but they don't take the place of water."

"We may possibly find water on this island," replied Sybil, after a
little thought.

"I don't believe it. I've an idea that, hunt as we may, we shall find
nothing more than rocks, and rocks, and rocks--anywhere and everywhere."

"That's merely a hunch, and I distrust hunches. It will be better to
explore," suggested Sybil.

"Yes; I think we ought to do that. But--the snakes."

"Ah, the exclusive rock theory is already exploded," said Sybil, with a
laugh. "Yet even snakes can't exist without water, can they? Just the
thought of the wrigglers makes me shudder, but if they are really our
co-inhabitants here we won't be safe from them even on this shore. Have
we anything in the way of clubs?"

Orissa considered the question. Then she went to the machine and with a
wrench unfastened the foot-bar, which was long enough to extend across
both seats and was made of solid steel. She also took the bolts out
of one of the levers, which when released became an effective weapon
of defense. Thus armed, and feeling somewhat more secure, the girls
prepared to move inland to explore their new habitation.

They found the climb over the loose rocks adjoining the shore to be
quite arduous, and aside from the difficulties of the way they had to
exercise constant caution for fear of snakes. They saw none of these
dreaded reptiles, however, and when they came to the hillocks they
selected a path between the two most promising and began the ascent,
keeping close together. So jagged were the tumbled masses of rock and
so irregular in their formation that it was not a question of walking
so much as crawling, but with their leggings, stout shoes and thick
cloth skirts they were fairly protected from injury.

The silence throughout the island was intense. The girls spoke in
hushed tones, awed by their uncanny surroundings. From a clear sky the
sun beat down upon their heads and was refracted from the rocks until
the heat was oppressive. Added to this a pungent, unrecognized odor
saluted their nostrils as they progressed inland. "Reminds me of the
smell of a drug store," asserted Sybil; but Orissa replied: "It's more
like the smell of a garage, I think."

After a long and weary climb they reached the brow of the rock hills
and were able to look down into the "dip" or valley which lay between
them and the mountain. The center of the depression, which was three
or four miles across, appeared to be quite free from rocks except in
a few places where one cropped up in the form of a hummock. Elsewhere
the surface seemed smooth and moist, for it was covered with an oozy,
stagnant slime which was decidedly repulsive in appearance.

Looking beyond this forbidding valley they discovered the first
interesting thing they had yet observed. At the right base of the
far-away mountain, lying between it and the sea, was a patch of vivid
green, crowning an elevation that distinctly separated it from the
central depression of the island. It might be grass or underbrush, this
alluring greenery, but in any event it proved a grateful sight to eyes
wearied by the dull waste of rocks. From the point where the girls
stood they could also see the top of a palm tree which grew around the
edge of the mountain.

"Well!" said Orissa, drawing a long breath, "there is the first sign of
life--animal or vegetable--we have found in this wilderness. That tree
must indicate water, Sybil."

"Whatever it indicates," was the reply, "yonder bluff is a better place
for our camp than the bay where we floated ashore. How shall we get to
it, though? It will be a heart-breaking climb cross-lots over these
interminable rocks."

"An impossible climb," Orissa agreed. "I think our best plan will be to
go around the island, following the sandy beach. It seems from here as
if that bluff drops sheer down to the sea, but it will be much easier
for us to climb a bluff than to navigate these rocks. Let's go back and
try it."

Cautiously and laboriously they made their way back to the beach,
feeling considerably cheered by what they had seen and reassured by
the total absence of the dreaded "wigglers." After resting a little
from their exertions they prepared for the more important journey of
discovery. Sybil carried some food and the bottle of lemonade, while
Orissa secured two straps from the aëroplane and the coil of wire.
Then, still armed with their steel bars, they set out along the beach.

Their first task was to climb the rocks of the point which formed the
bay, where it jutted out from the shore. This being accomplished they
encountered another stretch of smooth beach, which gradually circled
around the north end of the island. Here it was easy walking and they
made good progress, but the coast line was so irregular that it wound
in and out continually, and in places huge boulders interrupted their
passage and obliged them either to climb or wade, whichever seemed the
most desirable.

"Already," sighed Sybil, "we have tramped a thousand miles. Did you
mark that place, Orissa, so we will know when we come to it?"

"Yes; I can tell it by the position of the sun. That side of the island
faces the northwest."

"And we haven't passed it?"

"No; but we must be drawing near to it. I've been looking for the bluff
the last half hour. The green place was quite elevated, you remember,
and must be well above the sea level. Look ahead; you'll notice the
rocks are gradually rising, from here on."

Sybil nodded and again they trudged on. As the rocks grew higher at
their left, the girls kept to the narrow strip of beach, which was
beginning to be washed by an occasional wave.

"The tide is rising," announced Orissa; "but we shall be at the bluff
very soon, and can then climb above this moisture. Feet wet, Syb?"

"Pickled in brine. Wet feet signify a cold; cold signifies la grippe;
la grippe signifies a doctor; the doctor signifies a depleted bank
account. Science of deduction, Ris. It's only a step from wet feet to
poverty."

"I prefer a doctor to an undertaker," said Orissa, "but as neither
profession is represented here I advise you to forego the pleasure of
taking cold."

"Right you are, Cap'n Columbus. No doctor, no cold. Banish the thought!
We can't afford the luxury of illness, can we? Oh, here's the bluff."

There it was, indeed; but absolutely unclimbable. It was sixty feet
high, at least, and overhanging the sea like a shelf, the waves having
cut it away at the base.

"Now, then," said Orissa, after a careful inspection, "we must either
go back or go on, in order to find a way up. As we haven't passed any
steps or easy inclines, I propose we advance farther and see what the
west end looks like."

"I'll follow the leader; but the waves are already covering the beach,"
asserted Sybil, with a grimace.

"Then let us wade; and don't lose any precious time, for the tide will
come in faster every minute. Shoes off, Crusoe!"

"Aye, aye, Columbus."

With shoes, leggings and stockings in hand they began the advance,
hugging the wall of rock and proceeding as swiftly as they could. At
times one or the other would cry out as she stepped on a sharp bit of
rock, but this was no time to shrink from petty trials and they bore up
with admirable fortitude.




                              CHAPTER VII

                       TWO GIRLS AND ONE ISLAND


Plodding along the narrow ledge of beach and constantly soused by the
waves, the girls began to fear, as afterward proved to be fact--that
the bluff covered the entire west end of the island. The water beneath
their feet grew deeper and the undertow stronger with every step they
advanced, but fortunately for their safety they finally came to a
crevasse that split the bluff in twain, and down this rift trickled a
rill of pure water.

They both exclaimed with delight as they crept into the shelter of the
crevasse. The fissure was not level, but extended upward at an acute
angle, yet there was room enough at its mouth for the girls to creep
above the wash of the waves. Examining the place carefully, Orissa
thought they might be able to follow the rift up to the top of the
bluff, and so at once they began the ascent. The two walls were so
close together that they could touch both by extending their arms, and
there was room, by stepping occasionally into the shallow brook, for
them to climb from shelf to shelf without much difficulty. At the very
top, however, they were brought to an abrupt halt. A waterfall leaped
from the edge of the bluff, dropping a good ten feet to the point they
had now reached, from whence there seemed no way of gaining the top.

Orissa and Sybil looked at each other and laughed, the spray from the
waterfall wetting their cheeks, which were now rosy from exercise.

"Trapped, Cap'n!" cried Sybil, merrily. "What next?"

"We can't go back, you know."

"Not unless we prefer Davy Jones' locker to this stronghold--which I,
for one, don't. Therefore, let's eat."

"That seems your resource in every emergency, Sybil."

"Naturally. Feasting stimulates thought; thought develops wit; wit
finds a way."

Orissa raised herself to a seat upon a projecting crag and then,
swinging her feet, proceeded to think while Sybil brought out the food.

"Could you climb a wire, Syb?"

"Not without years of practice. Have you positively decided to
establish a circus in these wilds, Ris?"

Orissa stood upon the crag, examined the face of the rock and then
drove the end of the bar she carried into a small fissure that was
nearly on a level with her head. Sybil observed the horizontal bar and
laughed gleefully.

"Have a sandwich, chummie, and curb your imagination," said she. "I
catch your idea, but respectfully decline to accept the hazard."

Orissa ate her sandwich and drank from the bottle of lemonade. Then she
rinsed her fingers in the brook, dried them on her handkerchief and
again mounted the crag.

"Listen, Crusoe: I'm going to make an attempt to break out of jail,"
she said impressively. "If I can reach to the top I'll find some way to
get you up. As soon as I get my feet on that bar, you are to come up on
this crag and hand me your lever. If I can find a pocket to stick that
into, the deed is done."

"Bravo, Ris! What a pity you haven't any spangles on your skirt. If you
fall, fall gradually, for I'll be afraid to catch you."

Orissa's fingers clutched at the rough projections of rock and with
some difficulty she gained a footing on the bar. Then, still clinging
to the face of the rift, she made a further examination. There seemed
a small hole at the right, about breast high, and she called for the
lever. This Sybil promptly passed up. Orissa thrust in the lever and
the next instant nearly lost her footing, for with a bewildering hoot a
white owl of monstrous size fluttered out and tumbled almost at Sybil's
feet, who uttered a shriek like an Indian war whoop. The creature was
blinded by the glare of day and went whirling down the incline of the
crevasse until it was lost to sight.

"First sign of life," called Sybil. "Don't look so scared, Ris; there's
nothing more harmless than an owl."

"Did you yell because _I_ was scared?" inquired Orissa.

"No, I was reproving the owl, who has a voice like a steam calliope. It
would take more than a blind bird to scare either of us; wouldn't it,
Cap'n?"

"I--I wish it hadn't been so--so unexpected," muttered Orissa, feeling
her way up to the second projection. With her feet on the lever she
found her head well above the edge of the precipice and the first
glance showed her a good hold for her hands.

Orissa Kane was no skilled athlete, but her experience in Steve's
workshop, together with her aërial exercises and constant outdoor life,
had given her well developed muscles which now stood her in good stead.
She drew herself up, got her knee on the edge of the rock, and a moment
later was on level ground at the top of the bluff. Then she leaned
over and called to Sybil:

"Can you manage it?"

"What a question!" retorted Sybil, indignantly. "I stood below to catch
you in case you slipped; but who is there to catch _me_, I beg to
inquire?"

"The owl," said Orissa. "Will you try it?"

"Is it worth while? Tell me what you've found up there."

Orissa turned and examined the scene now spread before her.

"Better come up, Syb," she said. "But wait a moment and I'll help you."

She attached one of the straps to the coil of steel wire and passed the
end down to her chum.

"Buckle the strap around you--just under your arms," she called. "I'll
hold fast the wire at this end. You can't fall, then; but be careful,
just the same."

With this support Sybil gained confidence. Exercising extreme caution
she followed Orissa's example in scaling the cliff and as fast as she
mounted her companion took up the slack in the wire and kept it taut.
As soon as Sybil stood on the upper bar Orissa grasped her arms and
drew her up beside her in safety.

"There!" she exclaimed triumphantly. "Where there's a will, there's a
way. It wasn't such a difficult feat, after all."

"There isn't enough money in the world to hire me to do it again,"
panted Sybil, trembling a little from the giddy experience.

"That may be true, but if our safety requires it we may repeat the
performance more than once," declared Orissa. "Unfortunately, we have
lost our weapons of defense."

"Can't we recover the bars?"

"Not without going down for them. If you think you could lower me over
the edge----"

"I just couldn't, Ris. Don't mention it."

"Very well; then we will proceed unarmed. Look, Sybil! Isn't it a
glorious prospect?"

"In point of comparison, yes," admitted Sybil, speaking slowly as she
gazed around her.

They were standing on a level table-land which lay between the base of
the mountain and the sea. The "mountain" was really a great hill of
rock, rising only a hundred and fifty feet or so from the table-land.
The level space before them was clothed with a queer sort of verdure.
It was not grass, but plants with broad and rather crinkly leaves,
so tender that wherever the girls stepped the leaves were broken and
crushed. Nor was the color an emerald green; it was rather a pale
pea-green and the plants grew not in soil but sprang from tiny cracks
and fissures in a sort of shale, or crushed slate, which was constantly
kept moist by the seepage of the little stream.

The island here made an abrupt curve to the west and a little farther
along the girls saw patches of bushes and several small groups of tall,
tropical trees, resembling plantains, or palms. There were vines, too,
which grew in rank profusion among the rocks and helped relieve the
dismal landscape by their greenery. But nowhere appeared any earth, or
natural soil; whatever grew, grew among the crushed rock, or shale,
which seemed to possess a certain fertility where moisture reached it.

"This part of the island seems by far the best," asserted Sybil. "Let
us explore it thoroughly."

They set out to skirt the edge of the bluff and on reaching the first
group of trees found they were bananas. Several bunches of plump fruit
hung far up among the branches, quite out of reach.

"We'll find a way to get at them if we are detained here long enough to
need them," said Orissa.

A half mile beyond the place where they had so laboriously climbed the
bluff they came upon a broad ravine which led directly down to the
water's edge. It appeared as if a huge mass of rock had at some time
become detached from the mountain and, sliding downward, had cut away
the bluff and hurled itself into the sea, where it now lay a few rods
from the water's edge and formed a sort of breakwater. The swirl of
the waves around this mass of rock had made a small indentation in the
shore, creating a tiny bay with a sandy beach.

"Ah," said Orissa, examining this place, "here is where we must
establish our camp; there is room enough to float our boat into the
bay, where the water is calm, and on that smooth beach I can repair the
Hy at my leisure."

"Also, from this elevation," added Sybil, "we can fly a flag of
distress, which would be seen by any ship approaching the island."

Orissa nodded approval.

"Here is also water and food," said she. "If we can manage to
navigate the Hy to this place we have little to fear from a temporary
imprisonment."

"We must wait for low tide before we start back," observed Sybil.
"Meantime, let's run down to the beach and see how it looks."

The descent to the water's edge was easy, and they found the little bay
ideal for their purpose. But they could hear the waves breaking with
some force against the face of the cliff, just outside their retreat,
and it would be hours before they might venture to return to the other
side of the island.

So again they ascended the bluff and selected a place for their
camp, beneath the spreading foliage of the tall bananas. Afterward
they sought the source of the little brook, which was high up on the
mountain and required a difficult climb to reach it. A spring seemed
to well up, clear and refreshing, from a cleft in the rock, but even
at its source there was no more water than would run from an ordinary
house faucet.

"Isn't it astonishing," said Orissa, "how much moisture is dispersed
from this tiny stream? I think it never rains here and this spring of
water supplies all the island."

"This part of it, anyhow. It's mighty lucky for us the babbling brook
is here," declared Sybil, drinking deeply of the cool water and then
bathing her heated brow with it. "But what stumps me, Ris, is the lack
of any life on the island. With water and green stuff both animals
and birds might thrive here--to say nothing of bugs and lizards and
serpents galore--yet aside from that great white owl we've not seen a
living thing."

"It really _is_ curious," admitted Orissa. Then, turning her gaze
seaward, she exclaimed: "See there, Sybil! Isn't that another island?"

"It surely is," was the reply; "and only a few miles away. It's a
big island, too, Ris--far bigger than this. Did you bring along your
glasses?"

"No; they are in the boat."

"When we get them we can inspect that island better. Perhaps we could
manage to get to it, Ris."

"We'll see," was the doubting answer. "I imagine, if that island is
so much larger, and proves to be more fertile than this, that we have
discovered the reason why the live things, such as birds and animals,
prefer it as a place of residence."

They made their way back to the bluff and waited patiently for the tide
to ebb. According to Orissa's watch it was quite four o'clock before
they deemed it safe to venture on the sands, and even then they went
barefooted, as an occasional wave still crossed their narrow path.

By the time they reached the bay and their boat the two girls were very
tired with their long tramp and as it was nearly sundown they decided
to spend the night in this location and make the attempt to shift camp
next day.




                             CHAPTER VIII

                            AN OWL CONCERT


While daylight lasted Orissa was busy examining the injury to the
Aircraft and attempting a few preliminary repairs. Her long mechanical
experience in the workshop with her brother enabled her to determine
accurately what was required to put the machine into proper working
order, and she thought she could accomplish the task.

"I can't see that it matters, anyhow," said Sybil, watching her chum
from a seat upon the sands. "We can't fly, and the boat is our only
refuge. Even that we must manage to row or sail in some way."

"All very true," returned Orissa, "but I can see no object in
neglecting these repairs when I am able to make them. I can take off
the bent elevator rods and straighten them, after which the elevator
and rudder may assist us in sailing, as we can oppose them to the wind.
The engine control is a more serious matter, for the wheel connection
was broken off short. But I shall take a rod from a support and fit it
in place and then replace the support with our steel wire. That is a
sort of makeshift and will require time and nice adjustment, but I can
do it, all right. The tools Steve supplied were quite complete; there's
even a box marked 'soldering outfit.'"

"Is there?" asked Sybil, eagerly. "See if any matches are in it, Ris."

"Matches?"

"Yes. The lack of matches has disturbed me considerably."

"Why, Syb?"

"We can't cook without them."

"Cook! why, I never thought of such a thing," said Orissa, truly
astonished. "What is there to cook, in this place?"

"Fish," answered Sybil.

"And what would you use for fuel?"

"Fuel?"

"Yes; what is there to make a fire with?"

"Never mind that. Just see about the matches."

Orissa opened the soldering case and found an alcohol torch, a flask of
alcohol, solder, acid and a box of matches.

"Good!" cried Sybil, joyfully. "Don't you dare do any wasteful
soldering, Orissa Kane. Save every drop of that alcohol to cook with."

Orissa laughed.

"I have nothing to solder, just yet," said she. "And you've nothing to
fry."

"I soon shall have, though," was the confident reply. "We've assured
ourselves of one thing, Miss Columbus, and that is that we can sustain
life, in case of necessity, on bananas and spring water. So I propose
we have one good, luxuriant square meal this evening by way of variety.
We've done nothing but lunch for two whole days and I want something
hot."

"I'm willing, Sybil. Can you catch a fish?"

"If there's one in our neighborhood. I'll try it while you are
tinkering."

Among the tools was a ball of stout cord, and for hook Sybil cut a
short length of wire and bent it into shape with a pair of nippers,
filing a sharp point to it. Then she opened a can of chipped beef and
secured a couple of slices for bait. Going to the point of rock she
found a place on the ocean side where a projecting shelf afforded her a
seat above fairly deep water, and here she dropped her line.

Mr. Cumberford was an enthusiastic fisherman and while Sybil had never
cared particularly for the sport she had accompanied her father on many
a piscatorial expedition.

A tug. The girl hauled in, hand over hand, and found she had captured
a large crab, which dropped from the hook to the rocks and with
prodigious speed made for the water and disappeared.

"Good riddance, old ugly!" laughed Sybil.

Scarcely had she thrown her line when another tug came. A second crab
floundered upon the rocks, but fell upon his back and lay struggling to
turn himself.

Sybil ruefully contemplated the empty hook.

"I can't feed all our good beef to horrid crabs," she exclaimed; "but
the beef seems a good bait and I'll try again."

Another crab. Orissa came clambering over the rocks to her friend's
side. The sun was sinking.

"What luck, Syb?"

"Only three crabs. I'm afraid it's too shallow here for fish."

Orissa leaned over the still struggling crab--the only one that had not
escaped.

"Why, we pay big money in Los Angeles for these things," said she.
"They're delicious eating; but they have to be boiled, I think, and
then cracked and newburged or creamed."

"Keep an eye on the rascal, then," said Sybil. "Can't he be eaten just
boiled?"

"Yes; with mayonnaise."

"There's none handy. Let the high-brow go, and we'll fish for
something that doesn't require royal condiments."

But Orissa weighted the crab with a heavy stone, to hold him down. Then
she sat beside Sybil and watched her.

"I'm afraid our fish dinner must be postponed," began Miss Cumberford,
sorrowfully; but at that moment the line jerked so fiercely that she
would have been pulled from her seat had not Orissa made a grab and
rescued her. Then they both clung to the line, managing to draw it in
by degrees until there leaped from the water a great silvery fish which
promptly dove again, exhibiting a strength that nearly won for him his
freedom.

"Hold fast!" gasped Sybil, exerting all her strength. "We mustn't let
him escape."

The fish, a twelve-pound rockcod, made a desperate fight; but
unfortunately for him he had swallowed the entire hook and so his
conquest was certain if the girls could hold on to the line. At last
he lay flopping upon the rocks, and seeing he was unable to disgorge
the hook, they dragged him to the beach, where Orissa shut her eyes and
beheaded him with a hatchet from the tool chest.

In the outfit of the chest, which had evidently been intended by
Steve and Mr. Cumberford for regular use in connection with the
Hydro-Aircraft, they had found two aluminum plates, as well as knives
and forks and spoons. Sybil cut two generous slices from the big fish
and laid them upon one of the metal plates. Then they opened a can
of pork and beans and secured a lump of fat to use in frying. Orissa
lighted the alcohol torch and Sybil arranged some loose rocks so that
they would support the plate suspended above the flame of the torch.
The intense heat melted the fat and the fish was soon fried to a lovely
brown. They ate it with biscuits and washed it down with ginger ale,
confiding the while to one another that never had they eaten a meal so
delicious.

They let the torch flicker during the repast, for night had fallen, but
when from motives of economy Orissa had extinguished the flame they
found a dim light suffused from a myriad of stars. Later a slender
crescent moon arose, so they were able to distinguish near-by objects,
even with the shadow of the bleak mountain behind them.

They had arranged their blankets in the boat and were sitting upon
them, talking together in the starlight, when suddenly an unearthly
cry smote their ears, followed by an answering shriek--then another,
and another--until the whole island seemed echoing with a thousand
terrifying whoops.

"Ku-whoo-woo-oo-oo! Ku-whoo! Ku-whoo-oo!"

The two girls clung together tremblingly as the great chorus burst upon
them; but after a moment Sybil pushed her companion away with a nervous
little laugh.

"Owls!" she exclaimed.

"Oh!" said Orissa, relieved as the truth dawned upon her. "I--I thought
it was savages."

"So it is. I challenge any beings to yell more savagely than those
fearful hoot owls. Something must have happened to them, Ris, for
they've never made a mutter all day long."

"Because they have been asleep," answered Orissa. They had to speak
loudly to be heard above the turmoil of shrieks, although the owls
seemed mainly congregated upon the distant mountain. The rocks
everywhere were full of them, however, and hoots and answering hoots
resounded from every part of the island. It was fairly deafening, as
well as annoying and uncanny. They waited in vain for the noise to
subside.

"There must be thousands of them," observed Sybil. "What's the row
about, do you suppose!"

"Perhaps it's their nature to, Syb. I wonder why we didn't hear the
pests last night. When we wakened this morning all was silent as the
grave."

"I think we floated into the bay about daylight, when all the big-eyes
had ducked into their holes. Do you know, Ris, the owls must be
responsible for the absence of all other life on the island? They dote
on snakes and lizards and beetles and such, and they'd rob the nests of
any other birds, who couldn't protect themselves in the nighttime. So I
suppose they've either eaten up all the other creatures or scared them
to death."

"That must be so. But, oh, Sybil! if this racket keeps up every night
how are we going to be able to sleep?"

"Ah. Just inquire, Cap'n, and if you find out, let me know," replied
Sybil, yawning. "I got up so early this morning that I'm dead for sleep
this blessed minute."

"Lie down; I'll keep watch."

"Thank you. This lullaby is too entrancing to miss."

The air grew cool presently, as it often does at night in the
semi-tropics, and the two girls crouched down and covered themselves to
their ears with the blankets. That deadened the pandemonium somewhat
and as the owls showed no tendency to abate their shrieks, an hour or
two of resigned submission to the inevitable resulted in drowsiness,
and finally in sleep. As Sybil said next morning, no one would have
believed that mortal girl could have slumbered under the affliction of
such ear-splitting yells; but sleep they did, and when they wakened at
daybreak profound silence reigned.




                              CHAPTER IX

                     MISS COLUMBUS AND MISS CRUSOE


Sybil cooked more fish for their breakfast, although Orissa objected to
the extravagant waste of alcohol. But her chum argued that they must
waste either the alcohol or the fish and as they had a strenuous day
before them a substantial breakfast was eminently desirable.

They now packed the aluminum chest and made arrangements for the
voyage, for the sea in the bay was smooth as glass and the ocean seemed
nearly as quiet outside. Orissa had straightened and repaired the
elevator rods and firmly bolted the chest in its original position, but
the control must be a matter of future tinkering, the rod needed for
its repair being at present stuck in the side of the bluff.

It was easy to roll the machine down the beach into the water and
set it afloat, but the difficult matter was to propel their queer,
top-heavy craft through the water. A quiet sea meant no wind, nor could
they feel the slightest breath of air stirring. Oars they had none, nor
any substitute for such things; nor could they find anything to pole
the boat along with.

"There's just one thing to be done," announced Orissa, gravely, "and
that is for us to take turns wading behind the thing and pushing it
along. By keeping close to the shore we ought to be able to accomplish
our journey in that way."

"Suppose we strike deep water?" suggested Sybil.

"We'll stay close to shore. There seems to be a beach all the way."

"I'm game to try," declared Sybil, in a brisk tone, "but it seems at
first sight like an impossible task. I'm glad, Miss Columbus, that
under these circumstances your island is uninhabited--except by owls
who can't see in the daytime."

"Were there other inhabitants," returned Orissa, "we would not be
undertaking such a thing. The natives would either eat us or assist us."

"True for you, Cap'n. I'm going to keep my stockings on. They'll be
some protection against those sharp rocks which we're liable to tread
on."

"I shall do the same," said Orissa. "Take your seat in the boat, Syb,
and I'll do the first stunt shoving. After we get around the point I
will give you a chance to wade."

"Unanimously carried," said Sybil.

This undertaking did not appear nearly so preposterous to the two
castaways as it may to the reader sitting quietly at home. Except
that circumstances had made Orissa and Sybil aëronauts at a time when
few girls have undertaken to fly through the air--as many will do in
the future--they were quite like ordinary girls in all respects. A
capricious fate had driven them into a far-away, unknown sea and cast
them upon an uninviting island, but in such unusual circumstances
they did what any girls would do, if they're the right sort; kept
their courage and exercised every resource to make the most of their
discouraging surroundings and keep alive until succor arrived.

So far, these two castaways had shown admirable stamina. Had either one
been placed in such a position alone, the chances are she might have
despaired and succumbed to girlish terrors, but being together their
native pride forbade their admitting or even showing a trace of fear.
In this manner they encouraged and supported one another, outwardly
calm, whatever their inward tremors might be.

Orissa Kane was habitually dainty and feminine in both appearance and
deportment, yet possessed a temperament cool and self-reliant. Her
natural cleverness and quickness of comprehension had been fostered
by constant association with her mechanical, inventive brother, and
it seemed to her quite proper to help herself when no one was by to
render her aid. To wade in the warm, limpid water of the Pacific, at
a place far removed from the haunts of humanity, in order to propel
the precious craft on which her life and that of her companion might
depend, to a better location, seemed to this girl quite the natural
thing to do. Sybil's acute sense of humor led her to recognize the
laughable side of this queer undertaking; yet even Sybil, much more
frail and dependent than her beloved chum, had no thought of refusing
her assistance.

The aluminum boat rode lightly upon the surface of the sea, the broad,
overhanging planes scarcely interfering with its balance. Indeed, the
planes probably assisted in keeping the boat upright. Orissa, knee-deep
in the water, was not called upon to exert herself more than to wade;
but this was a slow and tedious process and required frequent rests.
At such times she would sit in the back of the boat and let her feet
dangle in the warm water.

Gradually the Hy was propelled around the point of rock into the open
sea, and by keeping close to shore the girl seldom found herself out
of her depth, and then only temporarily.

Sybil kept up a constant chatter, inducing Orissa frequently to laugh
with her, and that made the task seem more an amusement than hard
labor. They took turns at the wading, as had been agreed upon, but
because Orissa was much the stronger her periods of playing mermaid
were longer than those of her chum.

In this manner they made good progress, and though Sybil made a great
deal of fun of what she called her "patent propeller," she took her
turn at wading very seriously and pushed the strange craft through the
water at a good rate of speed. By midday they reached the point where
the bluff began to rise and here they sat together in the boat, shaded
by the planes, and ate their luncheon with hearty appetites. They found
it high tide, yet the water was more quiet than on the preceding day,
and when they resumed their journey their progress was much more rapid
than before.

By two o'clock they had cautiously propelled the boat around the huge
boulder that marked the ravine they had found and soon after had rolled
it upon the sandy beach and anchored it securely beyond the reach of
the tide.

"If it would fly," said Orissa, "I think we could push it to the top
of the bluff; but if we use it at all, before our friends arrive, it
must be as a boat, and not an aëroplane."

"Then," returned Sybil, "let's remove the canvas from the lower plane
and make a tent of it."

"I've been thinking of that," said Orissa, "and I'm sure it is a wise
thing to do. I know how to take the clips off, and it won't injure the
cloth in the least."

"Then get busy, and I'll help you."

So, after a good rest on the beach in the sun they resumed their
clothing. The wet stockings were thoroughly dried by the sun by the
time they were ready for them, and presently they set to work removing
the cloth from the lower plane. The task was almost completed when
Sybil suddenly exclaimed:

"How about a frame for our tent?"

Orissa looked puzzled.

"Come up on the bluff," she proposed.

The incline was not at all difficult and they soon stood on top the
bluff. A thorough examination of the place disclosed no means of
erecting the tent. A few dead branches that had fallen from the banana
trees lay scattered about and there was a quantity of anæmic shrubbery
growing here and there, but there was nothing to furnish poles for the
tent or to support it in any way.

"Stumped, Columbus!" laughed Sybil, as they squatted together in the
shade of the trees. "We shall have to drag up the aëroplane, after all,
and use the plane-frame for our ridge-pole."

Orissa demurred at this.

"There is always a way to do a thing, if one can think how," she said.

"In this case, chummie dear, magic or legerdemain seems the only modus
operandi," maintained Sybil. But Orissa was thinking, and as she
thought she glanced at the trees.

"Why, of course!" she exclaimed.

Sybil's eyes questioned her gravely.

"Come on!" cried Orissa, jumping up.

"Not a step, Miss Columbus, until I'm enlightened."

"Oh, Crusoe, can't you see? It is so extremely simple that I'm ashamed
of our stupidity. We've but to stretch our coil of wire between these
two trees, throw the canvas over it and weight the bottom with rocks to
hold it in place."

Sybil sighed.

"It was _too_ easy," she admitted. "I never _could_ guess an easy
conundrum; but give me a hard nut to crack and I'm a regular squirrel."

They returned to the beach for the canvas and wire and Orissa took
several of the clips, with which to fasten together the ends of their
tent. Ascending once more, this time heavily loaded, to the group of
bananas on the bluff, they proceeded to attach the wire to two of the
trees. The plane-cover was large enough to afford a broad spread to
their "A" tent and when the lower edges were secured by means of heavy
stones, and the scattered rocks cleared away from the interior, their
new domicile seemed roomy and inviting.

Their next task was to fetch the aluminum chest from the beach, and
after they had lightened its weight by leaving in the boat all the
tools except the hatchet and a small hack saw, they were able to carry
the chest between them, although forced to make frequent stops to rest.

"The lack of a bedstead worries me most," remarked Sybil. "I don't like
the idea of sleeping on the bare ground. How would it do, Ris, to build
a stone bed--something like an altar, you know, with a hollow center
which we could fill with sand?"

"That is a capital idea, Crusoe, and will help clear our front yard of
some of those flat stones. They are mostly slate, I think, instead of
rock formation. Heave-ho, my hearty, and we'll do the job in a jiffy."

The girls lugged into the tent a number of stones of such size as they
could comfortably move, and then Orissa, who could put her hand to
almost any sort of work, planned and built the extraordinary bedstead.
It was laid solid, at first, but when about a foot from the ground she
began to extend the sides of the pile and leave a hollow in the middle.
This hollow they afterward filled with sand, carrying it in their
dress-skirts from the beach. When finally the "Altar to Morpheus"--as
Sybil persisted in calling it--was completed, they spread their
blankets upon it and it made a very comfortable place to sleep.

They also erected a small rock stove, for there was enough firewood to
be gathered, in the way of fallen branches, dead leaves and "peelings"
from the tree-trunks, to last them for several days. The hatchet and
hack saw helped prepare these scraps to fit the stove and by sundown
the girls felt quite settled in their new residence.

"We ought to fly a flag of distress from some place high up on those
trees," observed Orissa; "but we've no flag and no way to shin up the
tree."

"Couldn't any ship see our white tent from the ocean?" asked Sybil.

"Yes; I think so."

"As for climbing the tree," continued Sybil, "I wish your creative
brain would evolve some way to do it. Those fat, yellow bananas look
mighty tempting and they would serve to eke out our larder. Supplies
are beginning to diminish with alarming rapidity, Ris. Only a box and a
half of those biscuits left."

"I know," said Orissa, soberly. "To-morrow we will see what may be done
to capture the bananas."

After a time Sybil said, softly: "By to-morrow we may begin to look
for Daddy and Steve. Of course it will take them some time to find us,
but----Don't you think, Orissa, they're quite certain to find us, in
the end?"

Orissa looked at her companion with a gleam of pity in her deep blue
eyes; but she had no desire to disturb Sybil's confidence in their
rescue, whatever misgivings oppressed her own heart.

"I believe they will find us," she affirmed. "It may not be to-morrow,
you know, nor in a week, nor--perhaps--in a month----"

"Oh, Orissa!"

"But they'll cover the entire Pacific in their search, I am positive,
and sooner or later they'll come to this island and--take us away."

"Alive or dead," added Sybil, gloomily.

"Oh, as for that, we are perfectly safe, and healthy--so far--and I
imagine we could live for a long time on this island, if obliged to."

Again they sat silently thinking, while twilight gave way to darkness
and darkness was relieved by the pale moonlight.

Suddenly a shriek sounded in their ears. A great white bird swooped
down from the mountain and passed directly between their two heads,
disappearing into the night with another appalling cry. This shriek was
answered by another and another, until the whole island resounded with
the distracting "Ku-whoo-oo!"

"The owls are awake," said Orissa, rising resignedly. "Come into the
tent, Sybil. I'm not sure they wouldn't attack us if we remained in the
open."




                               CHAPTER X

                     MADELINE DENTRY'S PROPOSITION


At the aviation field the crowd had watched the departure of the two
girls, flying the famous Kane Hydro-Aircraft, with eager interest but
assured confidence in their making a successful trip. The Flying Girl
never indulged in accidents, and her skill was universally admitted.
To be sure, there was an added risk in flying over the water, but
with a motor boat to sustain them when they alighted, the danger was
reduced to a minimum and, in the minds of nearly all the spectators, a
triumphant return was unquestioned. Hundreds of glasses followed the
flight and although the management sent several bird-men into the air
to amuse the throng the real interest remained centered on the dim
speck that marked the course of the Flying Girl.

No sooner had Orissa and Sybil started on their voyage than Stephen
Kane and Mr. Cumberford ran to the bluff overlooking the sea, where
with powerful binoculars they could obtain an unobstructed view of the
entire trip to the island and back again. Presently Madeline Dentry
joined them, in company with Mr. and Mrs. Tupper, all standing silently
with leveled glasses.

"She's working beautifully," muttered Steve, referring to his invention
with boyish delight. "I'm sorry Ris didn't make a straight line of
it, but she always likes to give the dear public the worth of their
money.... Ah-h!"

"By Jove! that was an awkward turn," cried Mr. Cumberford, as they saw
the Aircraft keel at a dangerous angle and then slowly right itself.
"I'm surprised at Orissa. She usually makes her turns so neatly."

"I've an idea that blamed steering gear stuck," said Steve, ruefully.
"I've been a little afraid of it, all along. But the girls are all
right now. They're headed dead for the island and if Orissa makes a
neat drop to the water the rest is easy."

No one spoke again for a time, all being intent upon the
flying-machine. When it had seemed to reach the island, and even to
pass over it, without a halt, there was an excited hum of amazement
from the grand stand.

Madeline glanced at Stephen Kane's face and found it as white as a
sheet. He was staring with dilated eyes toward the Aircraft.

"What in the mischief is Orissa up to now?" questioned Mr. Cumberford,
uneasily. "Wasn't she to alight this side of the island?"

"Yes," answered Steve hoarsely.

"Then----She can't be joking, or playing pranks. It isn't like her.
Why, they haven't swerved a hair's breadth from the course, or even
slackened speed. They--they----"

"They're in trouble, I'm afraid," said Steve in trembling tones. "The
control has failed them and they can't stop."

"Can't stop!" The little line of observers on the bluff echoed the
thrilling words. From the grand stand came a roar of voices filled
with tense excitement. Some thought the Flying Girl was attempting a
reckless performance, with the idea of shocking the crowd; but Stephen
Kane knew better, and so did Mr. Cumberford. As the two men held their
glasses to their eyes with shaking hands, straining to discover a
sign that Orissa had altered her course and was coming back, Madeline
Dentry turned to look earnestly at the brother and father of the girls,
knowing she could read the facts more truly from their faces than by
focusing her own glasses on that tiny speck in the sky.

The moments dragged slowly, yet laden with tragic import. The powerful
lenses lost the speck, now found it again--lost it for good--yet the
men most affected by this strange occurrence still glared at the
sky, hoping against hope that their fears were unfounded and that the
Aircraft would come back.

Some one plucked Steve's sleeve. It was Chesty Todd, his big body
shaken like an aspen.

"It--it has run away with 'em, Steve. It's gone wrong, man; there's
danger ahead!"

"Eh?" said Steve, dully.

"Wake up and do something!"

Steve lowered his glasses and looked helplessly at Mr. Cumberford.
Cumberford returned the stare, glowering upon the inventor.

"That's right; it's up to you, Kane. What are you going to do?" he
asked coldly.

"There's no other hydro-aëroplane on the grounds," said the boy
brokenly.

"Then get an aëroplane," commanded Cumberford, sharply.

"It would mean death to anyone who ventured to follow our girls in an
aëroplane--not rescue for them."

Cumberford moaned, as if in pain; then stamped his foot impatiently, as
if ashamed of his weakness.

"Well--well! What then, Stephen Kane?" he demanded.

[Illustration: "It--it has run away with 'em Steve. It's gone wrong,
man; there's danger ahead!"]

Steve wrung his hands, realizing his helplessness.

"Gentlemen," said Madeline Dentry, laying a gentle hand on Mr.
Cumberford's arm, "let me help you. There is no reason for despair just
yet; the condition of those girls is far from desperate, it seems to
me. Did I understand you to say, Mr. Kane, that your sister is unable
to stop the engine, or to turn the machine?"

Steve nodded.

"That's it," he said. "Something has broken. I can't imagine what it
is, but there's no other way to explain the thing."

"Very well," rejoined Madeline, coolly, "let us, then, try to consider
intelligently what will happen to them. Will they presently descend and
alight upon the surface of the water?"

"I'm--I'm afraid not," Steve answered. "If that were possible, Orissa
would have done it long ago. I think something has happened to affect
the control, and therefore my sister is helpless."

"In that case, how long will they continue flying?" persisted Madeline.

"As long as the gasoline lasts--three or four hours."

"And how fast are they traveling, Mr. Kane?"

"I think at the rate of about forty-five miles an hour."

Miss Dentry made a mental calculation.

"Then they will descend about a hundred and fifty miles from here, in a
straight line over that island," said she. "Having a boat under them, I
suppose they will float indefinitely?"

Again Steve nodded, looking at the girl curiously and wondering at her
logic.

"If--if they manage to alight upon the water in good shape," he replied
more hopefully, "they'll be safe enough--for a time. And they have food
and water with them. The only danger I fear for them, at present, is
that when the gasoline is exhausted the machine will be wrecked."

"Don't you aviators often shut off your engine and volplane to the
ground?" asked Madeline.

"Yes, with the elevator and rudder in full control. But that isn't the
case with Orissa. I'm certain her elevator control has bound in some
way. Were it broken, and free, the Aircraft would have wobbled, and
perhaps tumbled while we were looking at it. The elevator is wedged,
you see, and my sister can't move it at all. So, when the gasoline
gives out, I--I'm not sure how the machine will act."

"Anyway," exclaimed Madeline, with sudden determination, "we are
wasting valuable time in useless talk. Follow me at once."

"Where to?" asked Steve, in surprise.

"To my yacht. I'm going after the girls. Please come with us, Mr.
Cumberford--and you, too, Mr. Todd. Aunty," turning to Mrs. Tupper, "if
you require anything from the hotel for the journey I will send you
there in the car; but you must hurry, for every moment is precious."

Mr. Cumberford straightened up, animated and alert, while his face
brightened with a ray of hope.

"We will take my car to the bay," said he, eagerly, "and Mr. and Mrs.
Tupper can use your own car to visit the hotel. Will you accompany us,
or ride with your aunt?"

"With you," decided Madeline. "I must have the captain get up steam and
prepare to sail. It won't take long; I've ordered them to keep a little
steam all the time, in case I wish to take a party out for a ride."

Even as they were speaking all walked rapidly toward the long line of
motor cars. Mrs. Tupper, who had not ventured a remark or made any
protest--quite contrary to her usual custom--now astonished her niece
by saying:

"Never mind the hotel; let us all go directly to the yacht. With
those two poor girls in danger I couldn't bear to think I had caused
a moment's delay. It is very comfortable on the yacht and--we'll get
along all right for a day."

"To be sure; to be sure," agreed Mr. Tupper, nervously. "I shall be
seasick; I'm bound to be seasick; I always am; but in this emergency my
place is by Madeline's side."

Of course no protest would have affected Madeline's determination,
and the worthy couple recognized that fact perfectly; hence they
diplomatically abetted her plan.

Captain Krell had attended the exhibitions at the aviation field, but
while there he kept one eye on Miss Dentry. During the panic caused by
the runaway aëroplane he saw Miss Dentry in earnest conversation with
Cumberford and Kane and marked their hurried departure from the field.
So the gallant captain scuttled back to the yacht at his best speed, to
find Miss Dentry already aboard and the engineer shoveling in coal.

Both Mr. Cumberford and Steve knew that the _Salvador_ was by odds
the fastest ship in the bay, and Madeline's prompt offer to go to the
rescue of their imperilled daughter and sister awakened hope in their
breasts and aroused their lively gratitude.

After all it did not take the yacht long to get under way. It was so
perfectly manned and in such complete readiness that steam was the only
requisite to begin a trip instantly. Madeline could scarcely wait while
with aggravating deliberation they hoisted anchor, but she became more
composed as the yacht slowly headed out of the bay, the crew alert and
the big captain as eager as any of them to rescue the daring bird-maids.

By the time the _Salvador_ reached the open sea the shore was lined
with thousands of spectators, and the sight of the graceful yacht
headed in chase of the two girls raised a cheer so lusty and heartfelt
that it reached Madeline's ears and caused her to flush with pleasure
and renewed determination.




                              CHAPTER XI

                          A GAME OF CHECKERS


"Nine o'clock!" cried Orissa, giving Sybil a nudge. "Are you going to
sleep all day, Crusoe, like those dreadful owls?"

"I'd like to," muttered Miss Cumberford, regretfully opening her eyes.
"My, what a blessed relief from that night of torture! Don't you think,
Ris, that those feathered fiends only stopped the concert because
they'd howled until their throats were sore?"

"I fear we made a mistake in changing our camp," returned Orissa, busy
with her toilet. "The shrieks sounded much louder than they did the
night before."

"Question is," said Sybil, rolling off the improvised bed, "how long we
are to endure this imprisonment. If it's to be a mere day or so, don't
let's move again. However, if you think we're here for life, I propose
we murder every owl and have done with them."

"We can't read the future, of course," remarked Orissa thoughtfully,
as she stroked her beautiful hair with her back-comb--the only toilet
article she possessed. "Steve may get to us any day, or he may have
a hard time finding us. He will never give up, though, nor will your
father, until our retreat is located and--and--our fate determined."

"Poor Daddy!" sighed Sybil; "he'll be worried to death. I've led him a
dog's life, I know; but he's just as fond and faithful as if I'd been a
dutiful daughter."

"I hope they won't tell mother," said Orissa. "The anxiety would be so
hard for her to bear. _We_ know we're fairly comfortable, Syb; but they
can't know that, nor have any clear idea what's become of us."

They fell quiet, after this, and exchanged few words until they were
outside the tent and had made a fire of twigs and leaves in the rock
stove. Sybil warmed the last of the baked beans, adding a little water
to moisten them. With these they each ate a biscuit and finished their
breakfast with a draught of cool water from the spring.

After the meal they wandered among the queer greenery they had before
observed and Sybil called attention to the fact that many of the broad,
tender leaves had been nibbled at the edges.

"The owls did that, of course," said Orissa, "and if it is good food
for owls I'm sure it wouldn't hurt us."

"Doesn't it look something like lettuce?" asked Sybil.

"Yes; perhaps that is what it is--wild lettuce."

She plucked a leaf and tasted it. The flavor was agreeable and not
unlike that of lettuce.

"Well," said Sybil, after tasting the green, "here's an item to add
to our bill-of-fare. If only we had dressing for it a salad would be
mighty appetizing."

"There's the vinegar in the bottle of pickles," proposed Orissa. "It
won't go very far, but it will help. Let us try the new dish for
luncheon."

"And how about the bananas?" asked Miss Cumberford.

"I'll proceed to get them right now," promised Orissa, walking back to
the group of trees.

The bare, smooth trunks extended twenty feet in the air before a branch
appeared. The branches were broad, stout leaves, among which hung the
bunches of fruit.

"I hate to ruin a perfectly good tree," declared Orissa, picking up the
hatchet, "but self-preservation is the first law of nature."

"Goodness me! You're not thinking of chopping it down, I hope,"
exclaimed Sybil.

"No; that would be too great a task to undertake. I've a better way, I
think."

She selected a tree that had three large bunches of bananas on it. One
bunch was quite ripe, the next just showing color and the third yet an
emerald green. Each bunch consisted of from sixty to eighty bananas.

First Orissa chopped notches on either side of the trunk, at such
distances as would afford support for her feet. When these notches
rose as high as she could reach, she brought two broad straps from the
Aircraft, buckled them together around the tree-trunk, and then passed
the slack around her body and beneath her arms. Thus supported she
began the ascent, placing her feet in the notches she had already cut
and chopping more notches as she advanced.

In this manner the girl reached the lower branches and after climbing
into them removed the strap and crept along until she reached the first
bunch of bananas.

"Stand from under!" she cried to Sybil and began chopping at the stem.
Presently the huge bunch fell with a thud and Sybil gleefully applauded
by clapping her hands.

"The lower ones are a bit mushy, I fear," she called to her chum, "but
that can't be helped."

"We will eat those first," said Orissa, creeping to the second bunch.

She managed to cut it loose, and the third, after which she replaced
the strap around her body and cautiously descended to the ground.
The two girls then rolled over the ripest bunch and found the damage
confined to a couple of dozen bananas, the skins of which had burst
from the force of the heavy fall. A moment later they were feasting on
the fruit, which they found delicious.

"I've read somewhere," said Sybil, "that bananas alone will sustain
life for an indefinite period. They are filling and satisfying, and
they're wholesome. We needn't worry any longer for fear of starvation,
Ris."

"I imagine we'd get deadly tired of the things, in time," replied
Orissa; "but, as you say, they'll sustain life, and just at present
they taste mighty good."

They drew the ripest bunch into the tent, but left the others lying in
the bright sunshine.

"Now," announced Orissa, "we must make an expedition to that crevasse
and rescue the bar and the lever, which we left sticking in the rocks.
The tide is low, so we may go around by way of the shore."

A leisurely walk of fifteen minutes brought them to the crevasse, down
which tumbled the tiny brook. Orissa, as the most venturesome, climbed
to the bar, from whence she managed to pull the lever out of the owl's
nest into which she had formerly thrust it. If the owl was hidden there
now it failed to disclose its presence and on descending to the rocks
Orissa easily released the bar. So now, armed once more with their
primitive weapons, the girls returned to their camp.

"I can attach these to our machine at any time," said the air-maid,
"so I think it may be best to keep them beside us, to use in case of
emergency. I haven't felt entirely safe since we lost them."

"Nor I," returned Sybil. "We haven't encountered anything dangerous, so
far, but I like to feel I've something to pound with, should occasion
arise."

That afternoon Orissa worked on the Aircraft, repairing the damage
caused by the sliding chest. She also took apart the steering gear,
filed the bearings carefully, and afterward replaced the parts, fitting
them nicely together and greasing them thoroughly. As a result of this
labor the gear now worked easily and its parts were not likely again to
bind.

"Steve made it altogether too light for its purpose," said the girl.
"On the next machine I must see that he remedies that fault."

Sybil had been lying half asleep on the sands, shaded by the spreading
plane of the Aircraft. She now aroused herself and looked at her
companion with a whimsical expression while the other girl carefully
gathered up the tools and put them away.

"All ready to run, Ris?" she asked.

"All ready."

"I suppose with the gasoline tanks filled we could go home?"

"Yes; I think so. With the wind in our favor, as it was when we came,
we ought to cover the same distance easily."

"Very good. I hope you are now satisfied, having worked like a nailer
for half a day, getting a machine in order that can't be utilized.
Gasoline doesn't grow on this island, I imagine--unless it could be
made from bananas."

"No; it doesn't grow here."

"And none of the department stores keep it."

"True."

"But we've got a flying-machine, in apple-pie order, except that we're
using one of the plane coverings for a tent and a lever for a weapon of
defense."

"Absolutely correct, Crusoe."

"Hooray. Let's go to sleep again, dear. Those screechers will keep us
awake all night, you know."

She closed her eyes drowsily and Orissa sat beside her and looked
thoughtfully over the expanse of blue ocean. There was nothing in
sight; nothing save the big island at the west, which seemed from this
distance to be much more desirable than the bleak rocks on which the
adventurers had stranded.

Orissa got her binoculars and made a careful inspection of the place.
Through the powerful glasses she could discover forests, green
meadowland and the gleam of a small river. It was a flat island, yet
somewhat elevated above the surface of the sea. She judged it to be at
least four times bigger than the island they were now on. The distance
rendered it impossible to discover whether the place was inhabited or
not. No houses showed themselves, but of course she could see only one
side of the island from where she sat.

Orissa did not feel sleepy, in spite of her wakeful night, so she took
Sybil's fishline and baited the hook with a scrap of beef. Going to the
top of the bluff she began to fish, and as she fished she reviewed in
mind all the conditions of their misfortune and strove to find a way of
relief. Being unsuccessful in both occupations she finally came back to
the little bay and waded out to the big rock that guarded the mouth
of the inlet. On the ocean side there was good depth of water and in
the course of the next half hour she landed a huge crawfish, two crabs
and a two-pound flat fish resembling a sole. This last is known as
"chicken-halibut" and is delicious eating.

She aroused Sybil, and the two girls built a fire, using dry twigs from
the brushwood, a supply of which they had gathered and placed near
their tent. In the fat taken from the crawfish they fried the halibut
for supper. Then among the coals and hot stones they buried the crabs,
keeping a little fire above them until they were sure the creatures
were thoroughly roasted. Next day they cracked the shells and picked
out the meat, deciding they might live luxuriously even on an island
of rocks, provided they exercised their wits and took advantage of all
conditions Nature afforded them.

At dark thousands of great owls came from their retreats among the
rocks and flew ceaselessly about the island, uttering their distracting
cries. Nor was there a moment's peace again until daybreak. The birds
were evidently in search of food, and found it; but what it consisted
of the girls could not imagine. Singularly enough, the castaways were
growing accustomed to the deafening clamor and as they felt quite
safe within their enclosed tent they were able to sleep--in a fitful,
restless way--a good part of the night.

The following day they began to find the hours dragging tediously, for
the first time since their captivity. Arm in arm the two girls wandered
around the elevated end of their island, exploring it thoroughly but
making no new discoveries of importance. The barren, slimy hollow
that lay inland had no temptations to lure them near it and so there
remained little else to do but watch the ocean and prepare their meals.

"This is our fourth day of isolation," announced Sybil, in a tone more
irritable than she was wont to use. "I wonder how long this thing will
last."

"We must be patient," said Orissa, gently. "Our dear ones are making
every effort to find us, I'm sure, and of course they will succeed in
time. We are at some distance from the usual route of ships; that is
evident; and for this reason it will be more difficult for our friends
to locate us. I suppose that a few days more may easily pass by before
we catch sight of a boat coming to get us. But they'll come, Syb," she
repeated, confidently, "and meantime we--we must be--patient."

Sybil stared across the water.

"Do you play checkers?" she asked abruptly.

"Steve and I used to play, long ago. I suppose I could remember the
game, and it might amuse us; but we have no checkerboard, nor men for
it."

"Pah! and you the sister of an inventor!" cried Sybil scornfully. "I'm
astonished at you, Miss Kane. Haven't you enough reflected ingenuity to
manufacture a checkerboard?"

"Why, I think so," said Orissa. "The idea hadn't occurred to me. I'll
see what I can do."

"You make the board, and I'll find the men," proposed Sybil, and
springing to her feet she ran down to the beach, glad to have anything
to occupy her and relieve the dreary dragging of the hours.

Orissa looked around her, pondering the problem. Material for a
checkerboard seemed hopelessly lacking, yet after a little thought she
solved the problem fairly well. First she ripped the flounce from her
black silk petticoat and with the jackknife from the tool kit she cut
out thirty-two black squares, each two inches in diameter. Then she
took a tube of prepared glue that was in the outfit and walked up the
incline to their tent, in the center of which stood the aluminum chest.
This chest, being of a dull silvery color, and quite smooth on all its
sides, was to be the groundwork of the checkerboard squares, as well
as the board itself and the elevated table to play on. Orissa glued
the squares of black silk to the cover of the chest, leaving a similar
square space on the aluminum surface between each one. When this was
accomplished she pasted a narrow edge of black around the entire
sixty-four squares, thus marking their boundary.

She was very proud of this work and was regarding it admiringly when
Sybil entered.

"How clever!" cried her chum, genuinely enthusiastic. "Really, Miss
Columbus, you have done better than I. But here are the checker-men,
and they'll do very nicely."

As she spoke she dumped from her handkerchief upon the board
twenty-four shells which she had carefully selected from those that
littered the beach. Twelve were dark in color and twelve pearly white
and being of uniform size they made very practical checkers.

"Now, then," said she, squatting beside the chest and arranging her
shells in order, "I'll play you a series of games for a box of bonbons,
to be purchased when we return to civilization."

"How many games?" asked Orissa, seating herself opposite.

"Let us say--the best three in five. If that's too rapid we will make
the next bet the best six in ten, or twelve in twenty. Agreeable,
Columbus?"

"Entirely so, Crusoe."

It was really a capital diversion. Sybil played very well and it
required all Orissa's cleverness to oppose her. At times they tired of
the play and went for a stroll on the bluff; and always, no matter how
intent they were upon the game, they kept watchful eyes on the ocean.

And in this manner the days dragged on their weary lengths and the
nights resounded to the shrill cries of the owls. One morning Sybil
asked:

"Isn't to-day Tuesday, Orissa?"

"Yes," was the quiet reply. "We've inhabited this wilderness just a
week."




                              CHAPTER XII

                       THE QUEST OF THE SALVADOR


On the roomy forward deck of the _Salvador_ an earnest conference was
held.

"How fast are we going?" asked Steve.

"The captain says about fifteen miles an hour. That's our best clip, it
seems," replied Madeline.

"And very good speed," added Captain Krell, proudly.

"So it is, for an English yacht," agreed Mr. Cumberford.

"In that case," said Steve, "we are moving one-third as fast as the
Aircraft did, and we were about two hours later in starting. Provided
the girls exhaust their gasoline in flying, they will make a hundred
and fifty to two hundred miles, requiring five or six hours' time.
Then they will alight, bobbing upon the water and helpless to move in
any direction except where the current carries them. It will take us
eighteen hours to reach that same spot, and we will therefore be twelve
hours behind them. Do you all follow me?"

They nodded, listening intently.

"Now, the girls left at about one thirty this afternoon. If my
calculations are correct, they'll take to the water anywhere from six
thirty to seven thirty this evening. We shall overtake them at about
the same hour to-morrow morning. Unless they drift considerably out
of their course we shall see the white planes at daybreak and have
no trouble in running alongside. But there's always the chance that
through some cause they may manage to drop to water sooner, and perhaps
run the boat toward home. Orissa is a very clever girl, as you all
know; calm and resourceful; quick-witted and brave. She will do all
that anyone could do to bring the Aircraft under control. So the one
danger, it appears to me, is that we may pass them during the night."

"That danger, sir," said Captain Krell, "may be reduced to a minimum.
We carry a very powerful searchlight, which shall be worked by my men
all night, illuminating not only the course ahead, but the sea for
miles on every side. As you say, Mr. Kane, the white planes may be
easily seen against the blue water, and we positively cannot miss them
during the night."

"You--er--interest me," said Mr. Cumberford, looking more cheerful.
"We seem to have everything in our favor, thanks to Miss Dentry's
generosity."

"I'm _so_ glad I bought this yacht!" exclaimed Madeline, fervently,
"for it enabled me to go to the assistance of those poor girls. I'm
sure it was all providential."

"Let us hope," said Mr. Tupper pompously, "the young women will survive
until we reach them. However, we shall learn their fate, in any event,
which will afford us a certain degree of satisfaction."

That speech was like a douche of cold water, but although the gentleman
received various indignant and reproachful looks he had "sized up the
situation" with fair accuracy.

Mr. Cumberford, however, since those first despairing moments on the
aviation field, had recovered command of his feelings and seemed
hopeful, if not confident, of his daughter's ultimate escape from
serious mishap. He was exceedingly fond of Orissa, too, and even had
not Sybil been with her it is certain that he would have been much
worried and eager to go to her assistance.

Stephen Kane, on the contrary, grew more nervous as time passed. Better
than the others he knew the dangers that threatened the girls if, as
he suspected, the steering gear had broken and the elevator and engine
control been rendered useless. He racked his brain to think what could
have caused the trouble, but never a hint of the truth dawned upon him.

The third member of the Kane-Cumberford party, Mr. H. Chesterton
Radley-Todd, had maintained a discreet silence ever since Miss Dentry
had invited him to join the rescue party. This she had been led to
do by the look of abject misery on the boy's face, and he had merely
pressed her hand to indicate his thanks. Chesty Todd was never much
of a conversationalist and his appreciation of his own awkwardness
rendered him diffident unless occasion demanded prompt and aggressive
action, when he usually came to the front in an efficient if unexpected
manner.

Madeline Dentry, seeing Chesty Todd merely as he appeared, wondered in
a casual way why such a blundering, incompetent booby had been employed
by the Kane-Cumberford firm, but as the big boy was a part of the
"camp" and was so evidently disturbed by the accident, she was glad to
relieve him to the extent of adding him to the party.

Very soon after the _Salvador_ started, however, nearly every one on
board began to feel the presence of the youthful press agent. It was
Chesty Todd who discovered the searchlight aboard and long before the
conference on the deck he had primed the captain to use it during the
coming night. It was Chesty Todd who sat on a coal-bunker in the hold,
swinging his long legs and inspiring the engineer, by dark insinuations
concerning the _Salvador's_ ability to speed, to give her engines every
pound of steam she could carry. It was Chesty who pumped the steward
to learn how well the boat was provisioned and supplied the deck hands
with choice cigars until they were ready to swear he was a trump and
imagined him quite the most important personage aboard, after Miss
Dentry.

The chef served an excellent dinner in the cabin, to which no one did
full justice except Mr. Tupper. All were loth to leave the deck long
enough to eat, although they knew a watch was stationed in the "crow's
nest" with powerful glasses. When night fell the searchlight came into
play and the entire party sat huddled forward, eagerly following the
sweep of light across the waters. It was ten o'clock when Mr. and Mrs.
Tupper retired, and midnight when Madeline went to her room, leaving
orders to call her if the Aircraft was sighted.

Stephen Kane, Mr. Cumberford and Chesty Todd sat by the rail all night,
wide-eyed and alert. Once the searchlight caught the sails of a ship
and they all leaped up, thinking it was the Aircraft. Again, something
dark--a tangled mass of wreckage--swept by them and set their hearts
throbbing until they held the light steadily upon it and discovered
it to be a jumble of kelp and driftwood. Daylight came and found them
wan but still wakeful, for now they were getting close to the limit of
flight possible to the Aircraft.

Captain Krell was a skillful navigator and, having taken his course in
a direct line from Sealskin Island, following the flight of Orissa's
Hydro-Aircraft, had not swerved a hair's breadth from it the entire
voyage.

"You see," said Steve, peering ahead in the strengthening daylight,
"the _Salvador_ hasn't dodged a bit, and the Aircraft couldn't. So
we're bound to strike our quarry soon."

"Wind," suggested Chesty.

"Yes; the wind might carry them a little out of their course, to be
sure," admitted Steve; "but I think--I hope--not far enough to escape
our range of vision."

At about seven o'clock, at Chesty Todd's suggestion, the engines
were slowed down somewhat, that the lookout aloft might have better
opportunity to examine the sea on all sides of the ship. The yacht
still maintained fair speed, however, and the call to breakfast finding
no one willing to respond, Madeline ordered coffee and rolls served on
deck, where they could all watch while refreshing themselves.

"What's your run, Captain?" asked Steve, nervously.

"Hundred and forty miles, sir."

"Indeed! Go a little slower, please."

The captain rang the bell to slow down. Presently the _Salvador_ was
creeping along at the rate of ten miles an hour.

"The gasoline," said Steve, "may have carried them farther than I
figured on. It's a new machine and I haven't had a chance to test the
exact capacity of the tanks."

The moments dragged tediously. Every person aboard was laboring under
tense excitement.

"What's the run, Captain?"

"One fifty-two, sir."

"Ah."

Nothing was in sight; only an uninterrupted stretch of blue sea. Hour
after hour passed. At noon the run was two hundred and twenty miles
and the aëroplane had not been sighted. Steve turned and faced those
assembled.

"It's no use going farther in this direction," he said, the words
trembling on his lips. "I'm very sure they couldn't have made this
distance."

"Evidently their course has been altered by the wind," added Mr.
Cumberford.

"Gusty, at times, last night," asserted Chesty.

Steve nodded.

"A strong wind might do what the girls couldn't," said he. "That is, it
might alter the direction of their flight. How did it blow?"

"At four o'clock, from the north; at five fifteen, from the west; at
six, due south," said Chesty.

There was silence for a few minutes. The engines had been shut down and
the boat lay drifting upon the water.

"I think it will be well to examine the charts," suggested Mr. Todd,
"and find out where we are."

"I know where we are," said Captain Krell. "Wait a moment; I'll get the
chart, so you may all study it."

He brought it from his cabin and spread it upon a folding table on the
deck. A penciled line ran directly from the port of San Diego to a
point south by southwest.

"A few more hours on the same course and we'd sight the little island
of Guadaloup, off the Mexican coast," explained Captain Krell. "But the
aëroplane couldn't go so far; therefore we must search on either side
the course we've come."

They all bent their heads over the map.

"What are those unmarked dots which are scattered around?" inquired Mr.
Cumberford.

"Islands, sir. Mostly bits of rock jutting out of the sea. They're not
important enough to name, nor do they appear on an ordinary map; but
a seaman's chart indicates them, for unless we had knowledge of their
whereabouts we might bump into them."

"They're mostly to the south of us, I see," remarked Mr. Tupper.

"Yes, sir."

"And it's south we must go, I think," said Steve, looking at Chesty
Todd for the youth to confirm his judgment. "There was no wind to take
them to the west of this course, I believe."

"That's my idea," declared the press agent. "I would suggest our
doubling back and forth, on the return trip, covering forty or fifty
miles at each leg. Seems like we couldn't miss 'em, that way."

After much consultation this plan was finally agreed upon. The captain
outlined his course and followed it, so that during the next four days
not a square yard of ocean escaped their search. But it was all in vain
and at the end of the fourth day, with the California coast again in
sight, there was scarcely a person aboard who entertained the slightest
hope of finding the missing girls.




                             CHAPTER XIII

                            CAPRICIOUS FATE


A wireless was sent to the shore, reporting the failure of the
_Salvador_ to locate the runaway aëroplane and asking if any tidings
had been received of Orissa Kane and Sybil Cumberford.

There was no news.

Madeline called her passengers together again for a further
consultation.

"What shall we do?" she asked.

Neither Steve nor Mr. Cumberford could well reply. Miss Dentry had
generously placed her splendid yacht at their disposal and in person
had conducted the search, neglecting no detail that might contribute to
their success. But failure had resulted and they could not ask her to
continue what appeared to be a hopeless undertaking. Steve, who had had
ample time to consider this finale, tried to answer her question.

"We are very grateful to you, Miss Dentry," he said, "and both Mr.
Cumberford and I fully appreciate the sacrifice you have made in so
promptly trying to rescue our girls. That we face failure is no fault
of yours, nor of your crew, and I realize that you have already done
all that humanity or friendship might require. Of course you understand
that we cannot give up until my sister's fate, and that of Miss
Cumberford, is positively determined. Therefore, as soon as we reach
shore we shall organize another expedition to continue the quest."

"You are doing me an injustice, sir," returned the girl gravely.
"Whatever my former plans may have been I am now determined not to
abandon this voyage until we have found your sister and her companion.
I was greatly attracted by Orissa Kane, and grieve over her sad fate
sincerely. Moreover, I do not like to put my hand to the plow without
completing the furrow. Unless you believe you can charter a better boat
for your purpose than the _Salvador_, or can find a crew more devoted
to your interests, I shall order Captain Krell to turn about and renew
the search."

That, of course, settled the matter. The _Salvador_ put about and
returned to a point where the see-sawing must be renewed and extended
to cover more expanse of ocean.

Chesty Todd, coming to where Madeline stood beside the rail, looked
into her piquant face with frank admiration.

"Excuse me, Miss Dentry," said he, "but you're what I'd call a
brick. I knew, of course, you'd stick it out, but there's no harm in
congratulating a girl on being true blue. I'm awfully glad you--you had
the grit to tackle it again. I'll never be myself again until those
girls are found."

She looked up at him reflectively.

"Which of the young ladies are you engaged to?" she asked.

"Me?" blushing like a schoolboy; "neither one, if you please.
They--they're only kids, you know."

"Then which one do you love?"

"Both!" said Chesty Todd, earnestly. "They're splendid girls, Miss
Dentry; _your_ sort, you know."

She smiled.

"Then it's the 'sort' you love?" she asked.

"Yes, if you'll allow me. Not the individual--as yet. When I love the
individual I hope it'll be the right sort, but I'm so humbly unlucky
I'll probably make a mistake."

For the first time since their acquaintance Madeline found the big
boy interesting. She knew very little of the history of the Kanes
and Cumberfords, but found Chesty eager to speak of them and of his
past relations with them, being loud in his praise for the entire
"combination." Cumberford was an eccentric fellow, according to
Mr. Radley-Todd, but "straight as a die." Steve was chock full of
ability and talent, but not very practical in business ways. Mrs.
Kane, Orissa's blind mother, was the sweetest and gentlest lady in the
world, Sybil Cumberford a delightful mystery that defied fathoming but
constantly allured one to the attempt, while Orissa----

"Orissa Kane is a girl you'll have to read yourself, Miss Dentry,
and the more you study her the better you'll love her. She's girl
all over, and the kind of girl one always hopes to meet but seldom
does. Old-fashioned in her gentleness, simplicity, truth and candor;
up-to-the-minute in the world's latest discovery--the art of flying.
Modest as Tennyson's dairymaid; brave as a trooper; a maid with a true
maid's heart and a thorough sport when you give her an aëroplane to
manage. Excuse me. I don't often talk this way; usually I can only
express myself in writing. But a fellow who wouldn't enthuse over
Orissa Kane could only have one excuse--total dumbness."

"I see," said Madeline, slyly. "Miss Kane is the type of the 'sort' of
girl you love."

"Exactly. But tell me, since you've started on such an indefinite
cruise, is the _Salvador_ well provisioned?"

"From the sublime to the ridiculous! We have stores to last our party
six weeks, without scrimping."

"Good. And coal?"

"Enough for a month's continuous run. I had intended a trip to
Honolulu--perhaps as far as Japan--and had prepared for it even before
I was privileged to lay eyes on my yacht."

"How fortunate that was, for all of us! Somehow, I've a feeling we
shall find those girls, this time. Before, I had a sort of hunch we
were destined to fail. Can you explain that?"

"I shall not try."

"We didn't allow enough for the wind. A sudden gust might have whirled
the Aircraft in any direction, and it would jog along on that route
until the next blow."

"Do you believe they are still alive?" she asked softly.

"Yes; I've never been able to think of them as--as--otherwise. They are
wonderfully clever girls, and Orissa knows aëroplanes backwards and
forwards. She's as much at home in the air as a bird; and why shouldn't
the machine fall gently to the water, when the gasoline gave out? If it
did, they can float any length of time, and the Pacific has been like
a mill pond ever since they started. According to Mr. Cumberford, they
have enough food with them to last for several days. I've an idea we
shall run across them bobbing up and down on the water, as happy and
contented as two babes in the wood." The big fellow sighed as he said
this, and Madeline understood he was trying to encourage himself, as
well as her.

In spite of Chesty Todd's prediction, day followed day in weary search
and the lost aëroplane was not sighted. Captain and crew had now
abandoned hope and performed their duties in a perfunctory way. Stephen
Kane had grown thin and pale and deep lines of grief marked his boyish
face. Mr. Cumberford was silent and stern. He paced the deck constantly
but avoided conversation with Steve. Madeline, however, kept up
bravely, and so did Chesty Todd. They were much together, these trying
days, and did much to cheer one another's spirits. Had a vote been
taken, on that tenth dreary day, none but these two would have declared
in favor of prolonging what now appeared to be a hopeless quest.

"You see," said Chesty to Madeline, yet loud enough to be heard by both
Cumberford and Steve, "there's every chance of the girls having drifted
to some island, where of course they'd find food in plenty; or they
may have been picked up by some ship on a long voyage, and we'll hear
of 'em from some foreign port. There are lots of ways, even on this
trackless waste, of their being rescued."

This suggestion was made to counteract the grim certainty that the
castaways had by now succumbed to starvation, if they still remained
afloat. Several small islands had already been encountered and closely
scanned, with the idea that the girls might have sought refuge on one
of them. The main thing that kept alive the spark of hope was the
fact that no vestige of the Aircraft had been seen. It would float
indefinitely, whether wrecked or not, for the boat had enough air-tight
compartments to sustain it even in a high sea.

On the evening of this tenth day the _Salvador_ experienced the first
rough weather of the trip. The day had been sultry and oppressive and
toward sundown the sky suddenly darkened and a stiff breeze caught
them. By midnight it was blowing a hurricane and even the sturdy
captain began to have fears for the safety of the yacht.

There was little danger to the stout craft from wind or waves, but the
sea in this neighborhood was treacherous and full of those rocky islets
so much dreaded by mariners. Captain Krell studied his chart constantly
and kept a sharp lookout ahead; but in such a night, on a practically
unknown sea, there was bound to be a certain degree of peril.

There was as little sleep for the passengers as for the crew on this
eventful night. The women had been warned not to venture on deck,
where it was dangerous even for the men; but Madeline Dentry would
not stay below. She seemed to delight in defying the rage of the
elements. Clinging to the arm of Chesty Todd, the huge bulk of whose
six-feet-three stood solid as a monument, she peered through the night
and followed the glare of the searchlight, now doubly useful, for it
showed the pilot a clear sea ahead.

Mr. Tupper bumped into them, embraced Chesty for support and then
bounded to the rail, to which he clung desperately.

"Why are you on deck?" asked Madeline, sternly. "Go below at once!"

Just then a roll of the yacht slid him across the deck, tumbled him
against the poop and then carried him sprawling into the scuppers.
When he recovered his breath Mr. Tupper crawled cautiously to the
companionway and disappeared into the cabin.

Steve and Mr. Cumberford had lashed themselves to the rail and in spite
of the drenching spray continued to peer into the wild night with
fearful intensity. Both were sick at heart, for they knew if the girls
had managed to survive till now, their tiny boat would be unable to
weather the storm. Every shriek of the wind, which often resembled a
human cry, set them shivering with terror.

It was toward morning when the glare of the searchlight suddenly
revealed a dark peak just ahead. Stephen Kane and Mr. Cumberford saw
it, even as the warning scream of the lookout rang in their ears.
Captain Krell saw it, and marveling at its nearness, sprang to the
wheel. Madeline and Chesty saw it, too, and instinctively the big
fellow put his arms around her as if to shield her.

Wild cries resounded from the deck; the bells rang frantically; the
engines stopped short and then reversed just as a huge wave came from
behind, caught the _Salvador_ on its crest and swept her forward in its
onward rush. Two men threw their weight upon the wheel without effect:
the propeller was raised by the wave above the water line and whirred
and raced madly in the air, while beneath the gleam of the searchlight
a monstrous mass of rock seemed swiftly advancing to meet the fated
ship.

Past the port side, where Madeline and her escort clung, swept a jagged
point of rock; the yacht bumped with a force that sent everyone
aboard reeling forward in a struggling heap; then it trembled, moaned
despairingly and lay still, while the wave that had carried it to its
doom flooded the decks with tons of water and receded to gloat over the
mischief it had caused.

The searchlight was out; blackness surrounded the bruised and
bewildered men and women who struggled to regain their feet, while in
their ears echoed a chorus of terrifying shrieks not of the wind, but
so evidently emanating from living creatures that they added materially
to the panic of the moment.

Chesty Todd released Madeline, gasping and half drowned, from the
tangle of humanity in the bow, and succeeded in getting her to the
rail. The bow of the yacht was high and it lay over on one side, so
that the deck was at a difficult angle.

"Are--are we sinking?" asked the girl, confused and unnerved by the
calamity.

"No, indeed," replied Chesty, his mouth to her ear. "We can't sink,
now, for we're on solid ground and lying as still as a stuffed giraffe."

"Oh, what shall we do?" she cried, wringing her hands. "If we are
wrecked we can't save Orissa--perhaps we can't save ourselves! Oh, what
shall we do?--what shall we do?"

The boy saw that the shock had destroyed her usual poise and he could
feel her trembling as she clung to him.

"My advice," he said quietly, "is that we all get to bed and have a
wink of sleep. It has been a long and exciting day for us, hasn't it?"




                              CHAPTER XIV

                             ON THE BLUFF


Sybil clapped her hands gleefully and looked at Orissa in triumph.

"The rubber is mine!" she cried. "You now owe me sixteen boxes of
chocolates, nine of caramels and twelve of mixed bonbons--enough to
stock a candy store. Tell you what I'll do, Commodore Columbus; I'll
pit my desert island and my man Friday against your fleet of galleys
and the favor of Queen Isabella, and it shall be the best three out of
five games. Are _you_ game, my dear Discoverer?"

Orissa laughed.

"You ought to give me odds, Crusoe, for you are the more skillful
checker player," she replied. "But I won't play any more to-day. This
heat is dreadfully oppressive and from the looks of the sky I'm afraid
a storm is brewing."

"What? A rain storm?" asked Sybil, jumping up to go outside the tent
and examine the sky.

"Rain, hail, thunder, lightning and tornadoes; anything is likely to
follow a storm in this latitude," declared Orissa, following her. "I
think, Sybil, we ought to make all as safe and secure as possible, in
case of emergency, while we have the time."

"What can we do?" asked Sybil. "I won't mind the storm very much, if it
doesn't have lightning. That's the only thing I'm afraid of."

Orissa examined the sky critically.

"I predict high winds," she presently said, "and high winds might
endanger our property. Let us get to the beach, first, and see what may
be done to protect the Aircraft."

They found the flying-machine fairly well protected by the walls of the
ravine in which it lay, but as the big upper plane offered a tempting
surface to the wind Orissa set to work and removed it, a task that
consumed two full hours. Then she wired the framework to a big rock,
for additional security, and carrying the canvas from the plane between
them, the girls returned to their tent.

"Will our house stand much of a wind?" asked Sybil.

"It is rather exposed, on this bluff," replied Orissa, doubtfully. "I
think it will be wise for us to pile more rocks upon the edges. The
wire will hold, I'm sure, for it is nickel-steel, and if we close the
ends of the tents securely we may escape damage."

"All right; I'm glad to have something to do," cried Sybil, picking up
a rock. "We'll build a regular parapet, if you say so."

This was exactly what they did. In spite of the oppressive heat the two
girls worked faithfully piling the rocks around the tent, until they
had raised a parapet nearly half its height. They were inspired to take
this precaution by the glowering aspect of the sky, which grew more
threatening as the afternoon waned.

Finally Orissa wiped the perspiration from her brow and exclaimed:
"That'll do, I'm sure, Syb. And now I'm ready for dinner. What's to
eat?"

Sybil made a grimace.

"Bananas and jelly," she replied. "Could you conceive a more horrible
combination?"

"Meat all gone?"

"We've part of a baked crab; that's all."

"And the lettuce. I shall have crab salad, with bananas for dessert."

"A salad without lemon or vinegar is the limit," declared Sybil. "I
shall stick to bananas and jelly."

Their appetites were still good and Orissa really enjoyed her salad,
which she seasoned with salt which they had obtained by evaporating
seawater. The bananas were getting to be a trifle irksome to the
palate, but as food they were nourishing and satisfying. Neither of the
castaways grumbled much at the lack of ordinary food, being grateful at
heart that they were able to escape starvation.

The storm burst upon them just after dark and its violence increased
hour by hour. There was little rain, and no lightning at all, but the
wind held high revel and fluttered the canvas of the tent so powerfully
that the girls, huddled anxiously in bed, feared the frail shelter
would be torn to shreds.

But the plane-cloth used by Stephen Kane was wonderfully strong and had
been sized with a composition that prevented the wind from penetrating
it. Therefore it resisted the gale nobly, and after a time the fears
of the two girls subsided to such a degree that they dozed at times
and toward morning, when the wind subsided, sank into deep sleep. The
hooting of the owls no longer had power to keep them awake, and on this
night the owls were less in evidence than usual, perhaps deterred from
leaving their nests by the storm.

Weather changes are abrupt in the semi-tropics. The morning dawned
cool and delightful and the sun shone brilliantly. There was a slight
breeze remaining, but not more than enough to flutter Orissa's locks
as she unfastened the flap of the tent and walked out upon the bluff to
discover if the Aircraft was still safe.

It lay at the bottom of the ravine, in plain sight from where she
stood, and seemed quite undisturbed. Orissa turned her eyes toward the
distant island, let them sweep the tumbling waves of the ocean and
finally allowed them to rest upon the bay at the east, where they had
first landed. Then she uttered an involuntary cry that echoed shrilly
among the crags.

A ship lay stranded upon the shelving beach--fully half its length upon
dry land!

The cry aroused Sybil, who came running from the tent rubbing her eyes
and with an anxious face.

"What's up, Ris?" she demanded.

Orissa pointed a trembling finger across the rock-strewn plain to the
bay, and Sybil looked and gave a gasp of delight.

"Oh, Orissa, we're saved--we're saved!" she murmured. Then, sinking
upon the sand, she covered her face with her hands and began to cry.

But the air-maid was too interested to weep; she was looking hard at
the boat.

"Isn't it Madeline Dentry's yacht?" she asked. "Yes; I'm sure it is.
Then they've been searching for us and the storm has wrecked them.
Sybil, your father and Steve may be on that ship, alive or--or----"

Sybil sprang up.

"Do you see anyone?" she asked eagerly.

"No; it's too far away, and the sun interferes. I'll get the glasses."

She was quite composed now and her quiet demeanor did much to restore
Sybil's self-possession. Orissa brought the binoculars, looked through
them for a time and then handed the glasses to her chum.

"Not a soul in sight, that I can see," she remarked. "Try it yourself."

Sybil had no better luck.

"Can they all be drowned?" she inquired in horrified tones.

"I think not. They may have abandoned the wreck, during the storm, or
they may be hidden from us by the side of the boat, which lies keeled
over in the opposite direction from us."

"Can't we go there, Orissa, and find out?"

"Yes, dear; at once. The tide is out, and although there is quite a sea
left from last night's hurricane I think we can manage the trip, by way
of the sands, with perfect safety."

Each tore a couple of bananas from the bunch and then they ran down
the incline to the beach. Knowing every turn in the coast and every
difficult place, they were able to scorn the waves that occasionally
swept over their feet, as if longing to draw them into their moist
embraces.




                              CHAPTER XV

                              BOAT AHOY!


The first indication of dawn found anxious faces peering over the side
of the _Salvador_. Passengers and crew gathered at the lower angle and
inspected the position of the boat with absolute amazement.

"Never, in all my experience," said Captain Krell, "have I heard of so
remarkable a wreck. We struck the only channel that would have floated
us; a few yards to either side and we would have been crushed to
kindling wood. As it is, we lie high and dry on this shelf--a natural
dry dock--and not a timber is cracked."

"Are you sure of that?" asked Madeline.

"Quite sure, Miss Dentry. We have made a thorough investigation. But
I do not wish to create any false hopes. Our condition is nearly as
desperate as if we were a total wreck."

"You mean we can't get the yacht off again?"

"I fear not. Even a duplicate of that gigantic wave which hurled us
here would be unable to float us off, for our tremendous headway
carried us beyond the reach of any tide. This island is of rock
formation. I know at a glance that a solid bed of rock is under us.
Therefore we cannot dig a channel to relaunch the _Salvador_."

"Couldn't we blast a channel?" asked Mr. Tupper.

The captain merely gave him a reproachful glance.

"To be sure," replied Chesty Todd, seriously. "We'll have Kane invent
a sort of dynamite that will blast the rocks and won't hurt the ship.
Good idea, Mr. Tupper. Clever, sir; very clever."

Mr. Tupper glared at the boy resentfully, but his wife said in a mild
tone of rebuke: "Really, Martin, my dear, the suggestion was idiotic."

The steward came crawling toward them with a coffeepot, followed by a
man juggling a tray of cups. It was quite an acrobatic feat to navigate
the incline, but they succeeded and everyone accepted the coffee
gratefully.

"This place is nothing but a rock; an extinct volcano, probably,"
remarked Madeline, gazing thoughtfully over the island.

Chesty, having finished his coffee, climbed to the elevated side
opposite.

"Here's a far better view of the place," he called. "It's quite a----"
He stopped short, staring fixedly at a white speck far up on the bluff
beside the low mountain.

They waited breathlessly for him to continue. Then Steve, reading the
expression on Chesty's face, quickly clambered to a place beside him.
As he looked he began to tremble and his face grew red and then pallid.

"Mr. Cumberford," called the press agent, "bring your glasses, please."

"What is it?" pleaded Madeline.

"Why, something--just--curious, Miss Dentry. We can't say what it is,
as yet, but----"

They were all scrambling up the incline by this time and soon all eyes
were directed upon the white speck. Mr. Cumberford focused his glasses
upon the spot.

"Ah," said he presently; "this interests me; it does, indeed!"

"Is it a--a--tent?" inquired Steve, a catch in his voice.

"Looks like it," was the reply; "but not a regulation tent. Seems more
like--like----Here, see for yourself, Steve."

Steve seized the binoculars.

"I think--it's--the--plane-cloth!" he gasped.

Mr. Tupper lost his balance and slid down the deck, landing with a thud
against the opposite rail. That relieved the tension and a laugh--the
first heard on the _Salvador_ since she left port--greeted the
gentleman's mishap.

"Why--if it's the plane-cloth, the girls are alive!" cried Madeline.

"To be sure," added Chesty, with joyful intonation, "and doubtless
enjoying their outing."

The discovery changed the current of all thoughts and led them to
forget their own calamity. The _Salvador_ carried a small gasoline
launch and two life-boats, all of which were in good condition.

"May we take the launch, Miss Dentry?" pleaded Steve.

"I was about to order it lowered," she said. "Can you run it, Mr. Kane?"

"Certainly," he replied.

"Then I shall go with you. It will carry six comfortably, and more
uncomfortably; but as we may have passengers on our return trip only
four had better go."

Steve ran to assist in lowering the launch. It had to be unlashed from
its rack, first of all, and the tank filled with gasoline, the engine
oiled and the boat prepared for action. The men worked with a will,
however, and within half an hour the launch was lowered to the rocks
and slid safely into the water. The landing-steps being impracticable,
a rope ladder was lowered and by this means Madeline easily descended
to the launch. Mr. Cumberford followed, as a matter of course, but
Chesty Todd modestly waited to be invited to make the fourth voyager.

"Come along, sir," said Miss Dentry, and he eagerly obeyed.

"How about food?" he suggested.

The chef, a fat little Frenchman who was much interested in the fate of
the Flying Girl and her chum, had foreseen this demand and now lowered
a hamper.

"Any water in it?" asked Chesty.

"Certainmente, monsieur."

"All right. Let 'er go."

Steve started the engine and the little craft quickly shot out of the
bay into the open sea and took the long swells beautifully. Bounding
the point, Kane kept as close to the shore as he dared, making for the
place where the bluff began to rise.

"Boat ahoy!" cried a clear voice, so suddenly that they nearly capsized
the launch in their first surprise. And there were the two lost damsels
prancing and dancing up and down the beach, waving their handkerchiefs
and laughing and crying with joy at beholding their friends.




                              CHAPTER XVI

                           AN ISLAND KINGDOM


It was a merry reunion, in spite of the dangers that were past and
the tribulations that threatened. Because the yacht's deck afforded
precarious footing they all landed on the flat rocky shore, where the
breakfast, hastily prepared by the chef, was served to the united
company.

"My greatest suffering," said Sybil, nestling close to her father, "was
for want of coffee. I've dreamed of coffee night after night, and hoped
I would be privileged to taste it again before I was called to the
happy hunting grounds."

"Ah; that interests me; it does, really," said Mr. Cumberford, filling
her cup anew. "But--who knows, dear?--you might have reached the happy
coffee-grounds."

They laughed at any absurd remark just now, and when Orissa related how
they had subsisted of late on bananas and jelly you may be sure the
castaways were plied with all the delicacies the ship's larder afforded.

Most of the day was spent in exchanging stories of the adventures both
parties had encountered since the Hydro-Aircraft ran away. Everyone
wanted to add an incident or tell some personal experience, and it was
all so interesting that no one was denied the privilege of talking.

But afterward, when an elaborate dinner was served in the cabin--the
table having been propped level to hold the plates--they began to
canvass the future and to speculate upon the possibility of getting to
civilization again.

"Our situation is far from hopeless," remarked Steve, who was now
bright and cheery as of old. "We have the launch and the life-boats,
and Orissa says the Aircraft is in fine condition again. All the
trouble was caused by that unlucky aluminum chest--and the fact that my
steering gear was too frail."

"I wouldn't call the aluminum chest unlucky," said Sybil. "Without it
we should have suffered many privations, for it carried our blankets
and provisions as well as our tools."

"But it was unfortunate that you didn't bolt it securely," added Orissa.

"Could we venture some two hundred and eighty miles in open boats?"
inquired Madeline.

"We could if obliged to," asserted young Kane. "Of course, after we got
into the track of coastwise ships, we might be picked up. But I do not
like to abandon this beautiful yacht, which must be worth a fortune
and is not damaged to any extent. I believe the best plan will be for
me to fly home in my machine and secure a boat to come here and pull
the yacht off the beach. There is a whole barrel of gasoline aboard,
intended to supply the launch, so there is no longer any lack of fuel
for our Aircraft."

They canvassed this plan very seriously and to all it seemed an
excellent idea. But the engineer, an Irishman named O'Reilly,
respectfully suggested the possibility of getting the yacht launched by
means of a tackle, using her own engines for power.

Steve caught at this idea and said they would try it the following
morning.

Everyone retired early, for one and all were exhausted by the trying
experiences they had passed through. The girls, however, warned them
that the owls would interfere seriously with their sleep. It was not
an easy matter to rest, even in the comfortable berths, on account
of the slanting position of the ship. Those berths on the right side
tipped downward and the mattresses had to be bolstered up on the edges
to prevent the occupants from rolling out. On the opposite side the
sleeper was pushed to the wall and the mattress had to be padded in
the corner where the wall and bunk met. But they managed it, after a
fashion, and Sybil and Orissa, at least, slept soundly and peacefully,
the luxury of a bed being so great a relief from their former
inconvenient rock "altar."

The hoots of the owls proved very distracting to the newcomers, and
Mrs. Tupper declared she would go mad, or die painfully, if obliged to
endure such a screeching for many nights. Even the crew grumbled and
there were many tired eyes next morning.

As soon as breakfast was over they set to work to right the yacht,
Steve overseeing the work because of his mechanical experience. A
pulley was attached, by means of a chain, to a peak of rock on the
point opposite the high side of the yacht, and then a strong cable was
run through the pulley, one end being fastened to the mainmast and the
other to the anchor-windlass, which was operated by the engine. The
stoker got up steam and then O'Reilly started the engines very slowly.
Lying as it did on a shelf of solid rock, which had been washed smooth
by centuries of waves, there was only the resistance of the yacht's
weight to overcome; and, although it required all the power the cable
would stand, the boat gradually came upright until it stood upon a
level keel. Then the men braced it securely with rocks, on either side
the bow, to hold it in position, after which Steve declared that part
of the task had been accomplished to his entire satisfaction.

It was indeed a relief to all on board to be able to tread a level deck
again, for, although there still remained a decided slant from bow to
stern it did not materially interfere with walking, as had the sharp
side slant.

The next task was to arrange the tackle so that the engines would pull
the yacht off the beach into deep water. But in spite of every effort
this plan failed entirely. The boat would not budge an inch and after
breaking the wire cable again and again, until it was practically
useless, the undertaking had to be abandoned.

"It's up to the airship to rescue the party, I guess," sighed Steve, as
they sat at dinner after the energetic and discouraging day's work was
over.

"Do you know, there's a big island just west of here," said Orissa,
thoughtfully. "Through our glasses we could see that it is green and
fertile, and I've an idea it is inhabited. Wouldn't it be a good idea
to run the launch over there before Steve undertakes his journey, and
see if we can't secure help to get the yacht off the beach?"

They all became interested in the proposition at once.

"How far is the island?" asked Mr. Cumberford.

"Only a few miles; perhaps an hour's run in the launch."

"Then let us try it, by all means," proposed the captain.

"We will run over there the first thing in the morning, with Miss
Dentry's consent," decided Steve.

Madeline heartily agreed and as the sea was enticingly calm the next
morning a party was made up to visit the larger island in the launch.

At first Captain Krell suggested he should go with part of his crew,
saying that no one could tell what sort of people might inhabit the
island, if indeed any inhabitants were to be found there; but Steve
scorned the notion of danger.

"We are too near the American coast to run against cannibals or hostile
tribes," he argued; "and, in any event, our mission is a decidedly
peaceful one. I'll take my revolver, of course, but it won't be needed.
What do you say, Mr. Cumberford?"

"I quite agree with you," replied that gentleman. "I'm going along, if
only for the ride."

"So am I," said Madeline.

"Really, my dear!" began Mr. Tupper; but she silenced him with a single
look.

"That means I must go as chaperon," sighed Mrs. Tupper.

"I'll be chaperon," laughed Sybil; "but as we shall go and return in a
couple of hours I don't believe Madeline will really need one."

"You shall stay comfortably on the yacht, Aunt Anna," said Madeline.
"Who else wants to go? We can carry six, you know."

It was soon arranged to add Mr. Radley-Todd and Orissa to the four,
thus completing the complement of the launch.

Just before they set off Monsieur Rissette, the alert chef, appeared
with his hamper of lunch, for he had an established idea that no one
should depart, even on an hour's journey, without a proper supply of
food. Then, merrily waving adieus to those on board, the explorers
glided out of the bay into the open sea.

Rounding the north end of their islet they saw clearly the large island
ahead, and Steve headed the launch directly toward it.

The trip consumed rather more than the hour Orissa had figured on, but
it was a light-hearted, joyous party, and they beguiled the way with
conversation and laughter.

"I am quite sure," said Madeline, "that I am enjoying this experience
far more than I would a trip to Hawaii. Think of it! A chase, a rescue
and a wreck, all included in one adventure. I'm rather sorry it's about
over and we are to return to civilization."

"Sybil and I have had a glorious time," added Orissa. "Barring the fact
that we were a bit worried over our fate, those days when we played
Crusoe and Columbus on a forsaken island were full of interest and
excitement. I know now that I enjoyed it thoroughly."

"I quite envy you that delightful experience," asserted Madeline.

"Don't," said Sybil. "The adventure wasn't all pleasant, by any means.
The hoots of those dreadful birds will ring in my ears for years to
come; the food was far from satisfying and I piled rocks and tramped
and sweated until I was worn to a frazzle. If we had not invented our
checker set I believe we would have become raving maniacs by the time
you found us."

As they drew near to the island they found it even more green and
beautiful than they had suspected.

"It's queer," said Steve, eyeing the place thoughtfully, "how very
imperfect those seamen's charts are. The one Captain Krell has
indicates nothing but barren rocks in these seas. Not one is deemed
important enough to name; yet here is a good-sized island that is
really inviting enough to attract inhabitants."

"And, by Jove, it has 'em!" cried Chesty Todd, pointing eagerly to a
thin streak leading skyward. "See that smoke? That means human beings,
or I'm a lobster."

"Good!" exclaimed Mr. Cumberford. "That interests me; it does, really.
Head around to the right, Steve; that's where we'll find the natives."

Steve obeyed. Skirting the shore of the island he rounded the northern
point and found before him a peculiar inlet. The shore was rocky and
rather high, but in one place two great pillars of rock rose some fifty
feet in the air, while between them lay a pretty bay which extended far
inland. They afterward found this was the mouth of a small river, which
broadened into a bay at its outlet.

As the launch turned into this stretch of water, moving at reduced
speed, their eyes were gladdened by one of the loveliest natural vistas
they had ever beheld. The slope from the table-land above to the inlet
was covered upon both sides with palms, flowering shrubs and fruit
trees, all of which showed evidence of care. A quarter of a mile up the
little bay was a little dock to which were moored several boats. The
largest of these was a sixty-foot launch, which made Madeline's little
craft look like a baby. Two sailboats and a trio of rowboats, all
rather crude in design, completed the flotilla. On the end of the dock
two men stood, motionless, as if awaiting them.

"Why, they're not natives at all," exclaimed Sybil, in a low voice.
"They--they're clothed!"

So they were, but in quite a remarkable fashion. Their feet were bare,
their trousers ragged and soiled; but they wore blue vests highly
embroidered in yellow silk, with velvet jackets and red sashes tied
around their waists. Add to this outfit, peaked Panama hats with broad,
curling brims, and a revolver and knife stuck in each sash, and you
will not wonder that our friends viewed this odd couple with unfeigned
amazement.

One was a tall, thin man with but one good eye, which, however, was
black and of piercing character. His face was sullen and reserved. The
second man was short and fat, with profuse whiskers of fiery red and a
perfectly bald head--a combination that gave him the appearance of a
stage comedian. The skin of both was of that peculiar dingy brown color
peculiar to Mexicans and some Spaniards.

The little one, with hat in hand, was bowing with exaggerated courtesy;
the taller one stood frowning and immovable.

When Steve steered the launch alongside the dock a broad roadway came
into sight, leading through the trees to the higher elevation beyond,
where stood a white house of fair size which had a veranda in front.
The architecture was of Spanish order and in its setting of vines
and trees it looked very picturesque. There were climbing roses in
profusion and gorgeous beds of flowers could be seen in the foreground.

Despite the appearance of the two men, who might easily be taken for
brigands, the place was so pretty and peaceful and bore such undoubted
evidences of civilization that the visitors had no hesitation in
landing.

Chesty leaped to the dock first and assisted the three girls to alight
beside him. Mr. Cumberford followed and Steve tied up to an iron ring
in the dock and also stepped ashore. The tall man had not moved, so
far, except that his one dark eye roved from one member of the party
to another, but the little fat man continued to bow low as each one
stepped ashore, and they accepted it as a sort of welcome. Neither had
uttered a word, however, so Mr. Cumberford stepped forward and said:

"Do you speak English?"

They shook their heads.

"Ah! that is unfortunate. Can you tell me, then, the name of this
island, and who inhabits it?"

"Of course not, Daddy," cried Sybil. "Try 'em in Spanish, Steve."

But before Stephen, who could speak a little Spanish, had time to
advance, the men turned abruptly, beckoned the strangers to follow, and
deliberately walked up the broad pathway toward the dwelling.

"Well?" inquired Steve, doubtfully.

"Let's follow," said Chesty. "I've an idea these are hired men, and
they're taking us to be welcomed by their master."

"Interesting, isn't it?" muttered Mr. Cumberford, but with one accord
they moved forward in the wake of their guides.




                             CHAPTER XVII

                       DON MIGUEL, DEL BORGITIS


Halfway up the road they noticed on the left a large clearing, in which
stood a group of thatched huts. Some women and children--all with dark
skins and poorly dressed--were lounging around the doorways. These
stood silently as the strangers passed by. A little farther along three
men, attired in exactly the same manner as the two who were escorting
them, were cultivating a garden patch. They gave no indication they
were aware of the presence of strangers.

There was something uncanny--wholly unnatural--about the manner of
their reception and even about the place itself, that caused some
of them to harbor forebodings that all was not right. Yet they had
experienced no opposition, so far--no unfriendliness whatsoever.

Up to the broad veranda they were led, and this, now viewed closely,
showed signs of considerable neglect. The house, built of rough boards,
needed whitewashing again; the elaborate stained-glass windows were
thick with dust; the furnishings of the wide veranda, which were
somewhat prodigal, seemed weather-stained and unkempt. On a small
wicker table was a dirty siphon bottle and some soiled glasses with
bugs and flies crawling over them. Beside these stood a tray of roughly
made cheroots.

The fat man at once disappeared through the open doorway of the
dwelling, but the tall man faced the strangers and, spreading out his
arms as if to forbid their entrance, pointed to the chairs and benches
scattered in profusion about the veranda.

"Invited to sit," interpreted Mr. Cumberford. "Interesting--very."

Suddenly a huge form filled the doorway, inspecting the newcomers with
a quick, comprehensive glance. The man was nearly as tall as Chesty
Todd, but not so well built. Instead of being athletic, he possessed
a superabundance of avoirdupois, evidently the result of high living.
He was clothed all in white flannel, but wore a blue linen shirt with
a soiled collar and a glaring red necktie in which glittered a big
diamond. Jewels were on his fingers, too, and even on his thumbs, and a
gold chain passed around his neck fell in folds across his breast and
finally ended in his watch-pocket. On his feet were red slippers and on
his head a sombrero such as the others had worn. A man of perhaps
thirty-five years of age, rather handsome with his large eyes and
carefully curled mustache, but so wholly unconventional as to excite
wonder rather than admiration.

[Illustration: Suddenly a huge form filled the doorway, inspecting the
newcomers with a quick, comprehensive glance.]

He had merely paused in the doorway for that one rapid glance.
Immediately he advanced with a brisk step, exclaiming:

"Welcome, señors and señoritas--Americaños all--most joyous welcome.
You the Spanish speak? No! It cannot matter, for I speak the English.
I am so pleasured that my humble home is now honored by your presence.
You make me glad--happy--in rapture. You do not know to where--to
whom--you have come? Imagine! I am Don Miguel del Borgitis, and
this"--extending his arms with a proud gesture--"my own Island of
Borgitis--a kingdom--of individual property, however small, for it owes
allegiance to no other nation on earth!"

This was spoken very impressively, while the shrewd eyes read their
faces to determine the degree of awe created.

"Yes," he went on, giving them no chance to reply, "I am really
King--King of Borgitis--but with modesty I call myself Don Miguel del
Borgitis. As such I welcome you. As such I take you to my arms in
friendship. Observe, then, all my kingdom is yours; you shall reign in
my place; you shall command me; for does not Don Miguel ever place his
friends above himself?"

This seemed cordial enough, certainly, but it was rather embarrassing
to find an answer to such effusiveness. Don Miguel, however, did not
seem to expect an answer. With merely an impressive pause, as if to
drive the words home, he continued: "May I, then, be honored by a
recital of your names and station?"

"To be sure," said Mr. Cumberford. "You--er--interest me, Don Miguel;
you do, really. Quite a relief, you see, to find a gentleman, a
civilized gentleman, in these wilds, and----"

"My island kingdom is very grand--very important--Señor Americaño,"
interrupted Don Miguel, evidently piqued at the use of the term
"wilds." "In effect have I reign over three islands--the one from
which you now come, the one to the west of here, and--the Grand Island
Borgitis! Three Islands and one owner--One King--with privilege to
decree life and death to his devoted subjects. But you have more to
say."

They were a bit startled to hear that he knew they came from the island
of the owls. But they reflected that some of his people might have
watched the progress of their launch.

Mr. Cumberford introduced his party to Don Miguel, one by one,
afterward briefly relating the aërial trip of the two girls, the search
for them by the yacht and the unfortunate beaching of the _Salvador_ on
the island during the recent storm, ending with the surprising reunion
of the party and their desire to secure help to get the launch into
deep water again, that they might return home.

To all this Don Miguel listened intently, his head a little to one
side, his eyes turning critically to each person mentioned during the
recital. Then said he, more soberly than before:

"How unfortunate that your ship is wreck!"

"Oh, it is not wrecked," returned Madeline. "It is merely stuck on
those rocks--'beached' is, I think, the proper word."

"Then, alas! it is wreck."

"It is not injured in the least, sir," declared Steve.

Don Miguel's face brightened at this statement, but he controlled his
elation and responded sadly:

"But it is no longer a ship, for you cannot get it off the land."

"Not without your kind assistance, I fear," said Miss Dentry.

"Make me obliged by resuming your seats," requested Don Miguel. Then he
clapped his hands, and the red-bearded man appeared. "Refreshments,
Pietro!" He offered the cheroots to the men, and when they refused
selected one for himself and lighted it. Then, leaning back in his
arm-chair, he regarded his guests musingly and said:

"It is laughable. Really, it amuses one! But under the Spanish Grant
by which I hold my islands--my kingdom--I am exclusively owner of all
wrecks on my shores. In fact, were you not my dear friends, I could
take your yacht, which I now own because it lies wreck on my coast."

"But it is _not_ wrecked!" asserted Steve, frowning, for he was
beginning to suspect Don Miguel.

"Perhaps not, since you tell me so; but I will see. I will see for
myself. Ah, the poor refreshments--the offering of hospitality to a
king's friends. Partake, is my earnest implore, and so honor your
humble host--Don Miguel del Borgitis."

The tall man and the short man brought wines, liquors and glasses, with
a fresh siphon of clear water. Following them came a sour-faced woman
of middle age and a pretty young girl of perhaps sixteen years--pretty
in the Spanish fashion, with plump cheeks, languid dark eyes and raven
hair. These last carried trays of fruits and cake, which they passed
to the company. The woman's face was expressionless; that of the girl
evinced eager curiosity and interest; but neither spoke nor seemed to
receive the notice of the royal Don Miguel.

When they had all positively refused to accept any of the strong drink,
the Don helped himself liberally to a milky liquor diluted with water,
which he called pulque. As he sipped this he said to them:

"The life here on Borgitis is grand--magnificent--entrancing--as you
will easily conceive. But it is also lonely. I have here no equals
with whom I may freely associate. So it delights me to receive you as
guests. May you long enjoy my hospitality--it is a toast which I drink
with fervency."

"We return to the yacht at once," said Steve, stiffly.

"My mansion is roomy and comforting," continued the other, as if he had
not heard, "and here are no owls to annoy one. Some day I will take
you to visit the third island of my kingdom. It is called Chica--after
my daughter, here." He glanced at the young girl, as he spoke, and she
cast down her eyes, seeming frightened.

Mr. Cumberford arose.

"Sir," said he, "we thank you for your hospitality, which we regret we
are unable to further accept. Let us come to the point of our errand.
We need your assistance and are willing to pay for it--liberally, if
need be. You have plenty of men here, I observe, and a large launch.
Send a crew with us to our island----"

"My island, señor, if you please."

"Very well. Send a crew of men to help us, and come along yourself, if
you like. But whatever you do, kindly do it at once, as we have no time
to waste."

He spoke positively, in a way that required an answer; but Don Miguel
merely took a cake from the tray, and as he munched it said casually in
Spanish, as if addressing the air: "Prepare my launch; have the men in
readiness; lock the little boat securely."

Without a glance at his master, the one-eyed man deliberately left
the veranda and walked down the path. Steve pricked up his ears. He
understood the carefully veiled command, and it nettled him.

"What little boat do you refer to, sir?" he pointedly asked.

Don Miguel gave a start, but tossed off the contents of his glass, and
rose.

"I shall prepare to go at once to visit your yacht, with my own men
and in my own launch," said he. "You will be good enough to amuse
yourselves here until I send you the word that I am ready to depart."

With this he lazily stretched his big body, yawned, and turned his back
on his "beloved guests," to leave the veranda and proceed leisurely
down the path to the inlet.




                             CHAPTER XVIII

                             THE MASK OFF


"Come!" cried Steve, impatiently. "The Don is either a fool or a
rascal, and in either event I propose to keep an eye on him."

"Quite right," said Chesty Todd, nodding approval.

As with one accord they rose and started to leave the veranda the fat
little man with the red whiskers barred their way, removing his hat to
indulge in his absurd bow.

"My noble master has desire that you remain his guests," said he in bad
English. "Some time will he send word he is ready for you to depart."

"Out of the way, fellow," said Chesty, pushing him aside.

"My noble master has desire that you remain his guests," repeated the
man, moodily, and there was a defiant twinkle in his pig-like eyes that
indicated he had received positive orders to detain the strangers.

But Mr. Radley-Todd's ire was aroused.

"Stand back!" he cried threateningly. "Your master is not our master."

"Very true, Chesty," said Mr. Cumberford; and then they all hurried
down the path toward the inlet. They were not three minutes behind Don
Miguel, yet as they reached the dock the big launch left it, filled
with dark-skinned men. In the stern stood Don Miguel, smoking his
cheroot, and he made them an elaborate bow.

"Have patience, dear guests," said he. "I will satisfy myself if your
boat is wreck or is not wreck, and soon will I return to consult with
you. Kindly excuse until I have investigation made. Oblige me to use my
island as if it were your own."

"The rascal!" cried Mr. Cumberford, as the boat of Don Miguel swept
down the inlet. "Tumble into the launch, girls, quick! I believe we can
get to the yacht before he does."

But the girls hesitated to obey, for Steve and Chesty Todd were bending
over the bow of the launch, where the rope hawser had been replaced by
a heavy chain, which was fastened by a huge padlock.

Steve picked up an iron bar, twisted it in the chain and endeavored to
wrench the iron ring from its socket; but it was firmly embedded in the
dock, being held by a powerful cement. Then he tried breaking away the
launch, but the fastenings held firmly.

"No use, Steve," said Chesty, squatting down on the dock. "We must have
the key. Question is, who's got it? That pirate, or--or----"

"He's a pirate, all right," said Sybil, angrily.

"What do you think he intends to do?" Madeline quietly asked.

"Take the folks on the yacht by surprise, capture the ship and then
claim it is his, because it is beached upon his island," replied Steve.

"How absurd!" exclaimed Orissa.

"Yes; but the scoundrel knows no law," declared Mr. Cumberford. "In
this lost and forgotten island he has played the tyrant with a high
hand; I can see that by the humble subjection of his people; and so he
thinks he can rob us with impunity."

"He is mistaken, though," asserted Madeline greatly annoyed. "If this
is really an independent island, I shall send an armed ship here to
demand reparation--and force it. If the Don lies, and he is under the
domain of any recognized nation, then our government shall take the
matter up."

"To be sure," said Mr. Cumberford. "Interesting; very. Provided, of
course, we--we----"

"Go on, sir."

"Er--er--it is really a pretty island, and--interesting," he mumbled.

"Daddy means," said Sybil, "that Don Miguel has no intention of letting
us get back to civilization again, provided the yacht proves to be
worth taking--and keeping."

"That's it, exactly," said Chesty; "only Mr. Cumberford did not like to
disturb your equanimity. But he sized up the situation, as we all did.
Eh, Steve?"

Steve nodded, looking gloomily at the three girls.

"How many men did he take with him?" asked Madeline.

"About fifteen. I tried to count 'em," said Mr. Todd. "But they did not
seem to be armed."

"There are seven on the yacht, besides Mr. Tupper, who doesn't count;
and they have no arms, either, that I know of."

"They won't be expecting to defend themselves, anyhow," observed
Chesty. "Therefore the yacht is as good as captured."

"And with the noble Don in possession," added Sybil, "our plans for a
homeward voyage are knocked sky-high."

"The yacht will be a great find for him," remarked Mr. Cumberford; "so
I imagine he will condemn it as 'wreck' on his shores and keep it for
himself."

"With certainty, señor," said a soft voice beside him.

They all turned to find that the Spanish girl had quietly joined their
group. Behind her came limping the Red-beard, sullen and muttering
at his rebuff. The girl faced Pietro and uttered a sharp command in
Spanish. He hesitated, mumbled a reply and retreated up the path.

"So you think Don Miguel will keep my yacht?" asked Madeline,
approaching the pretty child and speaking in a kindly tone.

"I do, señorita. But his name is not Don Miguel del Borgitis, as he
said. He is Ramon Ganza, a fugitive from Mexico, where he robbed a bank
of much money and escaped. He came here in his launch with ten men, and
has been hiding for many years in this island, where no people lived
before he came."

"Dear me!" exclaimed Madeline; "a criminal and a refugee! And you are
his daughter?"

"No, señorita. He said so, but he lied. He lies always, when he speaks.
He coaxed me away from my people in Mazatlan, when he came there to
buy provisions, saying I would become a princess. But I am merely a
housemaid, in truth."

"How many years has he lived on this island?" inquired Mr. Cumberford.

"I do not know, señor. But it is many. He has built the house, yonder,
or rather he has forced his poor men to build it. Ramon loves to pose
as a royal Don, but I do not think he is of noble birth. Once every
year he goes to Mexico or the United States for supplies, and sometimes
he coaxes others to come back with him, and be his slaves."

"And do the people love their master?" asked Madeline.

"No. They hate him, but they fear him. Not one who has ever come here
has gone away again, for he dares not let them return to tell where he
is hiding. Now there are seventeen men and nine women here. With you,
and those he will fetch from your yacht, there will be many more; but
none of you will ever leave here with Ramon's consent," declared the
girl.

"Then we will leave without it," remarked Mr. Todd, easily.

She gave him a quick, eager look.

"Will you dare to oppose Ramon, then?" she asked.

"On occasion we are rather daring," said Chesty, smiling at her
simplicity. "The fellow ought to be arrested and given up to justice."

"Oh, if you would do that, we could all go away!" said the child,
clasping her hands ecstatically. "Please arrest him, sir; I beg you to."

"We'll see about it, little one. Meantime, how can we get the key to
unlock this chain?"

"Would you follow Ramon?" she asked.

"That is our greatest ambition, just now."

"Then I'll get you the key. Pietro has it."

"The Red-beard?"

"Yes. Pietro is my friend. He is not so bad as some of the other men."

"They must be a sorry lot," decided Chesty. "Come on, then, Chica; I'll
help you to interview Pietro."

The man was sitting on a rock nursing his grievances.

"The key, Pietro," said Chica.

"No," he answered surlily.

"I want it, Pietro."

"He'll whip me. But then, he'll whip me anyhow, for not to stop his
'guests.' Take the key, Chica. Pah! a few lashes. Who care?"

He tossed the key upon the ground at her feet and Chesty promptly
picked it up. The girl looked hard at Red-beard.

"You will not be whipped," she said softly. "It is all right, Pietro.
The Americaños will arrest Ramon Ganza and deliver him up to justice;
they have promised it; so you will be safe. Come with me. Our new
friends need guns."

"What!" The man fairly gasped in his amazement at her temerity.

"Our new friends shall take all they need of Ramon's store of guns.
They are not like the others who come here; the Americaños are not
cowards. You will see them conquer Ramon very nicely, and with no
trouble at all. Come, Pietro--the guns!"

The man slowly rose and led the way to the house, while Chesty called
for Steve and then followed.

In ten minutes Chesty and Steve returned to the dock where the
others awaited them, and both were loaded with rifles, revolvers and
ammunition, ruthlessly abstracted from the private stores of the island
magnate.

When these were distributed, the launch unlocked and they were ready to
start, Madeline turned to Chica.

"Get in, dear," said she. "I think it will be best for you to come with
us. Provided we ourselves manage to escape, I promise to take you to
Mazatlan and restore you to your own people."

The child hesitated, looking at the little fat Red-beard.

"I--I'm afraid Pietro will suffer for helping us," she said.

"Ah; 'tis true," agreed Red-beard. "Unless you please will arrest
Ramon, Ramon will whip me until I faint. I know; it is his habit when
he is opposed."

"Get aboard, then," said Steve, impatiently. "There's room enough, and
your service may come handy to us."

Somewhat to their surprise the man came aboard without an instant's
hesitation, and at once Steve started the engine.

"Are any other men left upon this island?" asked Mr. Cumberford, as the
launch gathered way and darted down the inlet.

"Two," said Chica. "But they have no orders to interfere with you, so
they will be blind. Fourteen have gone with Ramon."

"Are they armed?" asked Orissa.

"I do not know, señorita. Francisco may be, and perhaps Tomas; but
Ramon is afraid to trust many of his men with guns."

Heading out of the inlet they rounded the pillar of rock and skirted
the shore until the open sea lay between them and Owl Island. Now they
were able to see plainly the big launch of Ramon Ganza plodding along
in advance. It had fully half an hour's start of them, yet from the
distance it had gone Steve awoke to the fact that it was not nearly
so speedy as Madeline's little boat. Although the big launch had
gasoline engines of comparatively modern pattern, the lines of the boat
were broad and "tubby," in strong contrast with the slender, graceful
waist of the _Salvador's_ launch. Moreover, Ramon had neglected his
machinery, as he had everything else on the island, and the engines did
not work as well as they should.

"I've an idea that I can beat the pirate to the _Salvador_," said Steve.

"By Jove!" cried Chesty; "if you could do that, old man, you'd save the
day."

"What difference would it make?" inquired Madeline.

"Their plan is to take our crew by surprise, board the yacht and make
prisoners of every man jack--also of Mrs. Tupper," explained Chesty.
"Then, when we arrive, our capture could be easily accomplished. But
if we manage to get there first, warning our men and taking them these
weapons, we stand a good chance of beating off the rascally potentate
and holding possession."

"They are not really pirates, I suppose," remarked Sybil.

"According to this child's story," declared Mr. Cumberford, "the man
is a fugitive from justice and so has no respect for the rights or
property of anyone. Mexico, his own country, has outlawed him and
doubtless if the authorities could put their hands on the fellow they'd
clap him in jail and keep him there."

They considered this statement gravely.

"For which reason," remarked Chesty Todd, "Ramon Ganza is desperate. He
can't afford to let us get away and carry the news of where his island
retreat may be located. Therefore, good people, this is going to be a
lively little scrap, so let's grit our teeth and do our level best."




                              CHAPTER XIX

                           AN EXCITING RACE


Steve was giving the engine all his attention and coaxing it to
develop all the speed of which it was capable. Even with eight people
aboard--two more than its regular complement--it was beginning to gain
on the big boat ahead. Orissa, at the steering wheel, was also intent
upon her task.

Mr. Cumberford turned to Chica.

"How did Ramon manage to build that house, and make such a big
settlement on the island, all in secret?" he asked.

"Pietro knows," said she.

"In Mexico," stated Red-beard, halting at times in his English, "Ramon
rob bank of much money. Then he escape in boat an' find islan'.
He think it fine place for hide. So he go to Unite' State--to San
Pedro--an' buy much thing with his money--much lumber--much food in tin
can--many thing he will need. He hire ship to take all to his islan'.
It big sail-ship, but it old an' not ver' good. In San Pedro Ramon
find some Mexicans who do bad things an' so are afraid to go back to
Mexico. He say he make them rich, so they go with him on ship. I go,
too.

"Storm come an' make ship leak, but we get to islan' an' unload
ever'thing. Captain start to go back, but ship leak so bad he run on
rocks at West Islan'. Ship go wreck an' men drown. By'mby Ramon go out
to wreck, take all thing he want an' let wreck go. It now on rocks at
West Islan'. No good, now."

This terse recital was listened to with astonishment.

"Interesting--very," was Mr. Cumberford's comment, and they all
supported his verdict.

"Then Ramon make us build house an' make garden," continued Red-beard.
"When we get mad an' not mind Ramon, he whip some of us with his own
hand, an' then others scare an' work hard. Two, three time, Ramon go in
launch to Mexico. He land secret, in night time, and get more men to
come back with him to islan'. Nobody know him in the places he goes.
One time he coax Chica from her nice home, that way, an' bring her to
islan', to make her help the women work in his house."

Chica nodded.

"But now I go home," she said, confidently. "When kind Americaños
arrest Ramon, I go free."

But arresting Ramon was not so much in the thoughts of the Americaños
just then as the result of the race to reach the _Salvador_. Madeline's
launch was gaining steadily, but both boats were gradually drawing
nearer to their destination and the problem was which could arrive
first? Already the little boat had been seen and its purpose understood
by the wily Mexican. He could not know how it was that the Americans
had managed to secure their boat and were able to follow him so soon,
but the fact that they were in his wake and quickly closing the gap
between the two launches was sufficient information for the time being,
and it did not particularly disturb him.

Ramon Ganza reasoned that in order to beat him to the yacht the little
launch must pass near him, but in doing so he would intercept it and by
grappling it with boat-hooks take it and its occupants along with him.
If the Americans kept out of range and gave his boat a wide berth, he
would be able, in spite of their superior speed, to beat them to the
yacht by maintaining his course in a straight line.

This danger was soon appreciated by the pursuers; for, whenever they
altered their course, Ganza altered his, to head them off by getting
directly in their way.

"Ah," said Mr. Cumberford, grimly, "this interests me."

"It interests us all," observed Steve, dryly. "The big boat is like a
rock in our path."

Orissa looked at her brother inquiringly.

"How shall I steer?" she asked.

"We shall have to circle around them, to keep out of their way. They
think that they will beat us, and they may; but I'm not sure of it--as
yet."

"Is it best to argue the point, Steve?" asked Chesty.

"I really think our salvation depends on our getting to the yacht
first," was the reply.

For some time after this no one spoke. The engine, under Steve's
skillful handling, was doing its utmost, with never a skip or protest
of any sort. The man who was running the larger boat was also crowding
his engines, urged thereto by his domineering master. The sea was ideal
for the race and favored both boats alike.

They continued the dodging tactics some time longer, the smaller boat
being forced to the outside and unable to cut in ahead.

"Confound it!" cried Steve, much chagrined, "here's the island, and
they've got the inside track."

"Yes; but something's wrong with them," remarked Mr. Cumberford.
"They're slowing down."

"By Jove, that's a fact!" cried Chesty, elated.

Steve stood up and shaded his eyes with his hand.

"Their engines have stopped," he said. "That's a streak of luck I
hadn't banked on. Head in, Orissa. We're all right now, if they don't
start again promptly."

There was evident excitement on board the larger motor boat. Ramon
kicked the new engineer away and himself took his place. The engine
revolved, made a brief spurt--and stopped dead. Ramon made another
attempt, while his boat bobbed placidly up and down on the waves.

Meantime the launch, still keeping to its wide circle, rounded the
point of rock and headed into the bay, where the _Salvador_ lay with
her trim white sides glistening in the sunshine.

"Quick!" cried Steve, as soon as he could be heard by those at the
rail, "let down the ladder. They're after us!"

"Who is it?" demanded Mr. Tupper, curiously; but Captain Krell marked
the panic on the faces of those on board the launch and issued prompt
orders. The aft davits were run down in a jiffy and Steve and Chesty
hooked them to the launch, which was quickly raised with all on board
and swung over the rail to the deck.

There were a few tumbles and some scrambling to get out of the boat,
but at that moment Ramon Ganza's big launch swept into the bay, and the
Mexican, assured by one sharp glance that his clever plan to surprise
the yacht was thwarted, shut down the engines and halted his craft
while he examined the situation at his leisure.

Madeline Dentry's superb yacht was indeed a prize worth winning. It
was even worth running some risks to acquire. Ramon reflected that the
_Salvador_ and her helpless crew were really at his mercy, for they
were unable to float the ship and were at present securely imprisoned.
He laughed rather maliciously at their vain opposition, and said to his
lieutenant, the one-eyed man:

"Very good, Francisco. Everything comes my way, you see. A little
patience and the beautiful ship is ours, for it surely is wreck, and I
justly claim all wrecks on my islands. There will be rum aboard, or at
least plenty of liquors and wines. Champagne, perhaps. You shall have
all the spirits for your drink if you back me up firmly in my demands."

"What will you do, señor?"

"Insist on taking possession of the ship, which, according to my law,
is mine," he answered, with grim humor. "Perhaps they may object,
in which case you will stand by your chief. But understand: you must
use no knives or pistols; I can't afford to have murder added to the
charges against me. If diplomacy fails, we will fight with our bare
fists, in American fashion, and our numbers will suffice to conquer
those insolent strangers who come here uninvited and then refuse to
abide by my laws."

He took from his pocket a note-book and with a fountain pen wrote upon
one of the leaves as follows:


   "To my beloved Friends, the Americaños:

 Alas, your ship is hopeless wreck. I, the lord and ruler of these
 islands, behold the sad condition and with grief, for I must condemn
 the ship as wreck, which I do by right of Spanish Grant to me, from
 which is no appeal. With pain for your loss, I am obligated to
 confiscate the ship that before was yours, with all it contains, and to
 declare it is now mine. I demand that you deliver my property into my
 hands at once, in the name of law and justice, and I believe you will
 do so, because otherwise you will become the enemies of the kingdom of

                                      DON MIGUEL DEL BORGITIS, Rex."


He tore out this leaf, folded it neatly and then boldly ran his launch
to the side of the yacht. Francisco stuck the paper on the point of a
boat-hook and standing on a seat thrust the epistle so far up the side
that Captain Krell was able to lean over and grasp it. Then the launch
returned to its former position, while the captain carried the note to
Madeline.

She read it aloud and their anxiety did not prevent the Americans from
laughing heartily at the preposterous claim of this audacious Mexican
refugee.

"At the same time," said Miss Dentry, resuming her gravity, "our
case appears to be somewhat serious. The man has unmasked and shown
us clearly his intentions. He believes we can expect no succor from
outside, and in that he is quite correct. Only by our own efforts and
the exercise of our wits may we hope to circumvent his intentions and
retain our freedom and our property."




                              CHAPTER XX

                               BESIEGED


Disregarding the lordly disposal of the yacht and its contents so
coolly outlined by Señor Ramon Ganza, those aboard the _Salvador_ began
to face the probability of a siege. They all gathered aft, where,
shielded by the bulwarks from the view of the Mexicans, they could
converse at leisure and with safety. At Madeline's suggestion, every
member of the crew, seven in number, was present while the details
of their visit to the larger island were related by his principals.
The character of the lordly islander, and his history as gleaned from
Pietro and Chica, were likewise canvassed, and his evident intention to
add the strangers to his band of cowed subjects was impressed upon the
entire company in a most forcible manner.

"It would have been serious, indeed," continued Madeline, "had Ganza
arrived here before us and found you unwarned and unarmed, for you
could not have resisted his invasion. But his clever scheme was
frustrated by an accident to the engines of his launch, and now we
must bend our every energy to driving him away and making our escape
from this dreadful island."

"We don't know yet, of course, how that can be done," added Mr.
Radley-Todd, reflectively; "but there's no hurry about deciding it. We
are pretty well provisioned for a siege, and Steve and I captured from
the enemy and brought with us nine rifles, half a dozen revolvers, and
some ammunition."

"We have also a small supply of arms and ammunition in the storeroom of
the yacht," said Captain Krell. "The former owner was something of a
sportsman, and I think you will find the guns to be shotguns."

"All the better," said Chesty. "These fellows may decide to board us,
in which case the shotguns, at short range, will scatter their loads
and do fearful execution. Get 'em up, Captain. Let's have on deck,
where it's handy, every offensive and defensive weapon aboard."

"I don't want any shooting," protested Madeline; "I'd rather give them
the yacht."

"We won't need to shoot," returned Steve. "A big bluff is all that is
necessary."

The entire company now understood the importance of a successful
resistance, and aside from the fact that Mrs. Tupper had violent
hysterics, which lasted several hours and nearly caused her devoted
husband to jump overboard, the situation was accepted by all with
philosophical composure. A definite plan to guard the deck and prevent
the foe from scaling the sides was adopted and each man given his
position and instructed what to do.

As they were dealing with a desperate and unscrupulous man, a
self-constituted autocrat in this practically unknown group of islands,
they realized the wisdom of being constantly alert; so all the men,
passengers and crew alike, were divided into watches during every hour
of day and night, and those not on duty slept in their clothing that
they might respond instantly to any call to action.

The Mexican, however, proceeded very deliberately with the siege,
believing his victims were trapped and unable to escape him. He
withdrew for a time around the rocky point, where he disembarked ten of
his fourteen men. With the other four he ran the launch to the mouth
of the bay again and dropped anchor, evidently intending to block any
egress by the boats of the yacht.

That night, under cover of the darkness, for the moon was often
obscured by shifting clouds, Ramon's men deployed among the rocks on
both sides of the narrow channel, where they erected two miniature
forts, or lookouts, by piling up the loose rocks. Behind each rock
barrier some of the men were stationed, with instructions to watch
every movement on the deck of the _Salvador_ and report to their
master. The Mexicans were well protected by the rocks from the firearms
of those on board, if the defenders resorted to their use, and because
of the slant of the deck from fore to aft Ramon could himself command
almost the entire deck as he sat in his launch.

Realizing this disadvantage, Radley-Todd and O'Reilly, the engineer,
crept down to the stern and by pushing the ends of their rifles through
the hawser-holes were able to bring the launch under such direct fire
that the outlaw decided that discretion was the better part of valor
and withdrew his boat to a safer anchorage around the point, where he
might still intercept the passage of any boat that ventured to come out.

The next morning Francisco of the one eye and a comrade took the launch
back to the other island for a store of provisions. When they returned,
at noon, they brought the two men who had been left behind when the
first expedition set out, and also one of the rowboats, which was
allowed to trail behind the launch.

With the Americans surrounded and on the defensive Ramon felt that he
could safely remove his entire force from his home island and leave
the place to the keeping of the women. If it came to a fight he would
need every man he had.

On that first day those on the yacht were alert and excited, but the
marked composure on the part of their besiegers gradually quieted their
fears of immediate violence. The decks were not really dangerous,
although constantly under the observation of the men in the rock
fortresses, so they ventured to use them freely. At one time, when
Chesty Todd made a feint of landing on the shore, a group of Mexicans
quickly gathered to prevent his leaving the ship, thus demonstrating
their open enmity.

"This won't do!" declared Steve, savagely, as he faced the company
assembled around the cabin table that evening. "Those infernal bandits
mean to keep us here till doomsday--or until we go crazy and surrender.
They'll make our lives miserable unless we dislodge them from those
rocks."

"I prefer them there to having them attempt to scale the sides of
our ship," returned Chesty. "A hand-to-hand fight would be far more
serious."

"Interesting, isn't it?" said Mr. Cumberford.

"I don't think they care for a hand-to-hand fight," observed the
captain. "Such fellows as this Ramon Ganza are always cowards."

"I don't know about that," said Madeline. "He has faced all the men he
brought here and in spite of their numbers and their hatred of him has
cowed them, every one, single-handed."

"Ramon is not a coward," the child Chica declared very positively. "He
is bad; yes. But not a coward."

"He has sixteen men--with himself, seventeen--and we have but eleven,"
said Steve. "However, the advantage is with us, because the yacht is a
fort."

"You spoke a moment ago of dislodging them," remarked Radley-Todd.
"Can't we manage to do that, Steve?"

"How?"

"If we could make some bombs," suggested the press-agent, slowly, "and
hurl them among those rocks, I've an idea we could drive them away."

Steve was thoughtful a moment.

"We'd need nitro-glycerine for that," said he. "I suppose there's none
aboard, Captain Krell?"

The captain shook his head.

"Plenty nitro-glycerine at big islan'," announced Pietro. "Ramon use it
to blast rock."

"Ah, but that's a good way off," declared Steve.

Chesty drummed on the table, musingly.

"If Pietro will go with me," he said presently, "I'll get you the
nitro-glycerine."

"You're crazy, man!"

"Not quite," said Chesty, with a smile. "Every man belonging to
Ramon's band is now here. I'm not afraid of the women he has left back
there."

"But how will you get there--swim?"

"We'll take the launch, Pietro and I, and run the blockade at dead of
night."

"No," said Madeline, with decision, "I can't allow that. It would be
too dangerous an undertaking. You might be captured."

"I don't think so. If we are discovered, your launch can outrun theirs
and I'll lead them a merry chase and come back again. What do you say,
Pietro?"

"Who? Me, Señor? Why, Ramon my enemy now. So I go with you."

"You needn't fear Ramon, Pietro," said Madeline, gently. "We shall
manage in some way to get you safely back to Mexico."

The man's expression was stolid and unbelieving.

"Perhaps he doesn't dare go back to Mexico," said Sybil.

"Oh, yes;" replied Pietro. "I not 'fraid of Mexico. I smuggle,
sometimes, before Ramon get me; but they forget all that by now. It is
Ramon I fear. He is very bad man, as little Chica say. Always he wins,
never he loses, in what he tries to do. For me, I have disobey an' defy
him, so Ramon he whip me sure, when he catch me, an' when Ramon whip
it is as bad as to die."

It was impossible to overcome this stubborn belief in Ramon's
omnipotence and they did not argue with the man further. But Orissa,
who had been thoughtfully listening to the conversation, now said:

"I do not like the plan of bringing nitro-glycerine here, even if
Chesty could succeed in getting it. The stuff would be dangerous to us
and to our enemies, for a slight accident would explode it or careless
handling might blow us all to eternity. But, admitting you made the
bombs, without accident to any of our party, what would be the result
of exploding them among those little rock forts yonder? Wouldn't the
rocks scatter in every direction and bombard us and the ship, perhaps
causing damage that would be fatal to our hopes of escape?"

"Orissa is quite right," said Mr. Cumberford, decisively. "We must
abandon the idea at once."

"I know it appears a desperate measure," admitted Radley-Todd, "but
something must be done, both to drive away our enemies and get the
_Salvador_ afloat again. Cut the explosives, and what remains for us to
do?"

"Make a sortie and drive them away from here," replied Cumberford.
"I'm a little old for a pitched battle or guerrilla warfare, but this
extraordinary Mexican--er--er--interests me. I'm willing to have it out
with him here and now."

"One white man is worth six Mexicans," declared Captain Krell,
belligerently.

"Won't do at all," asserted Steve. "We can't afford to take the chances
of defeat, gentlemen, while we have these girls in our care. The ship
is a fort that is almost impregnable, and we mustn't leave it for an
instant--under any circumstances."




                              CHAPTER XXI

                        CAPTURING AN AËROPLANE


As they sat with downcast countenances, reflecting upon their
uncomfortable position, Orissa said quietly:

"I've thought of something to relieve us. The idea came to me when
Chesty insisted our launch could run the blockade."

"Speak out, Ris," exclaimed Steve. "Your ideas are pretty good ones, as
a rule. What's the proposition?"

"Why, we all seem to have forgotten the Hy."

"The Hydro-Aircraft?"

"Yes. It is lying quite safe, and in apple-pie order, in the little
ravine at the foot of the bluff where we camped."

"But it is minus its plane-cloths," added Sybil. "Our tent is still
standing, for I saw it from deck only an hour ago."

"It won't take long to attach the plane-cloths," said Steve, "provided
those brigands will let us do it. It's rather odd they haven't taken
the trouble to capture the Aircraft already. It would be easy for
Ramon to declare it 'wreck.'"

"What would be the use?" asked Madeline. "They could not fly it, even
if they knew how to put it in order; and, as they imagine we cannot get
to it, they are not worrying about the thing. Of course they are able
to see that tent on the bluff as easily as we can, and by and by they
will go there and capture whatever the girls left."

"True. That is why we must lose no unnecessary time," observed Orissa.

"I do not yet see what the proposition is," asserted Chesty, in a
puzzled tone.

"I know what Orissa means," returned Steve quickly. "There's plenty of
gasoline on board--I think nearly a barrel--intended for the use of the
launch. If I could get to the Aircraft and fill its tanks with gasoline
no one could prevent my flying home, where I could get a ship and men
to come to our rescue."

"That interests me; it does, really!" said Mr. Cumberford. "It's so
easy and practical I wonder none of us thought of it before."

"I've had the possibilities in mind for some time," declared Orissa,
"but I had no idea we could get to the Aircraft until Chesty proposed
running the blockade in our launch."

"It's a fine idea," said Chesty, with enthusiasm. "I mean both our
ideas--the combination, Orissa."

"I believe it will solve all our difficulties," added Madeline,
confidently. "But will not this journey be a hazardous one for Mr. Kane
to undertake?"

"I think not," replied Orissa. "The same amount of gasoline that
brought Sybil and me to this place will carry the machine back again,
and Steve can go more directly than we came, for he knows exactly how
to head."

"Then!" said Chesty Todd, "the plan is this: We'll put enough gasoline
in cans to fill the tanks of the aëroplane, load 'em into the launch,
and to-night Steve and I will sneak out of this inlet, slip past the
Mexican's launch and hie us to that ravine of yours. Is there room
enough for our boat to enter the bay you described, or is that big rock
too close to shore to let us pass?"

"There will be just about room for you to pass in, I think," answered
Orissa.

"But the big launch couldn't do it?"

"Ramon's? No, indeed."

"Very good."

"Who will fly with me to San Diego?" asked Steve. "The Aircraft carries
two, you know. One of the women ought to go. I wish we could carry them
all away from this dangerous place."

"Let them draw cuts for it," suggested Chesty.

"You can let me out," said Sybil; "I won't leave Daddy."

"Nonsense!" cried her father.

"Then I'm nonsensical," laughed Sybil, "for I won't budge an inch
without you. That wicked Mexican might capture you in a jiffy if I
wasn't here to look after you. Not a word, sir; the thing is settled,
as far as I am concerned."

"I cannot go, of course," said Madeline. "This is my yacht and I must
stand by it, and by my men, to the last. Nor could I with courtesy
escape and leave my guests in danger."

"Then it shall be Mrs. Tupper," proposed Orissa.

"Me? Me? Goodness sakes, child," cried Mrs. Tupper, in great alarm, "do
you think I'd risk my life in that dreadful airship?"

"You'll risk it by staying," suggested her husband.

"But there's a chance of salvation here," asserted the lady, with
nervous haste. "I'd get light-headed and tumble out of that aëroplane
in two minutes. And they'd hear me yell from Japan to San Francisco,
I'd be so scared. I can stand death, Mr. Tupper, with Christian
fortitude; but not torture!"

"Orissa?" said Steve, inquiringly.

"Yes; I'll go. I may be of more assistance to you all by going than
by staying. And I will run the machine, Steve, and take you as a
passenger. I've tinkered that steering-gear until I know just how to
manage it."

Steve nodded.

"As I understand it, Miss Dentry," said he, "my mission will be to
charter a fast steamship, for which Mr. Cumberford and I will pay, and
bring it here to drag the _Salvador_ off this beach. The crew, which I
will see is well armed, will work in conjunction with yours and when we
outnumber Ramon Ganza's band of rascals he will probably run away to
his den without attempting to fight."

"Ramon never run," protested Pietro, shaking his head. "You cannot
scare Ramon. The more men you bring, the more he has to fight; that is
all."

This gloomy prophecy made them look grave for a time.

"Our Pietro is a pessimist," said Chesty, with assumed cheerfulness.
"But some day the Mexican government will find this invincible hero and
send a warship to blow his island out of the water."

"Why--yes!" exclaimed Madeline, with sudden inspiration; "the Mexican
government is interested in this affair. Why not fly to the nearest
point on the Mexican coast, Mr. Kane, and from there telegraph
President Madero? I believe he would send a warship at once, both to
capture Ramon Ganza and to rescue us from his clutches."

"Um-m. Madero has his hands full, just now, putting down revolutions at
home," Mr. Cumberford reminded her. "And maybe he isn't interested in
Ganza, who was convicted of a felony under the régime of Diaz."

"I can try him, anyhow," said Steve. "The Mexican coast is about fifty
miles nearer than San Diego."

"Madero has offer one thousan' dollar--Mexican--for capture of Ramon,"
said Pietro, proudly. "So much money shows Ramon is great man."

"In that case you'd better give Madero a chance at him, Steve," decided
Mr. Cumberford. "A man-o'-war would be more effective here than a
trading ship, and in the interests of humanity we should put an end to
this fellow's cruel tyranny for good and all. He's far better off in
jail."

After some further discussion this plan was finally decided on and
preparations were begun for the adventure. During the afternoon the
cans of gasoline were placed in the launch and Steve went over the
machinery of the little boat with great care, to assure himself it was
in perfect order.

The nights were never really dark until toward morning, when the stars
seemed to dim and the moon dipped below the horizon. Sometimes there
were a few drifting clouds, but they never obscured the sky long enough
to be utilized as a mask. So Steve decided to make his attempt at the
dark hour preceding dawn and made Orissa go to bed and get what sleep
she could. She said her good-byes to the others then, so it would not
be necessary to disturb them at the time of departure.

At three o'clock her brother called her and told her to get ready.
Chesty and Steve were seated in the launch when the girl arrived on
deck, and she quickly took her place. While it was much darker than
it had been earlier in the night, Orissa found she could see near-by
objects quite distinctly. Four of the crew, headed by Captain Krell,
were standing by to lower the launch over the side, and as the owls
were hooting their most dismal chorus their screams drowned any noise
made by the windlass.

No sooner had the launch touched the surface than Chesty dipped his
scull in the water and with a dexterous motion sent the little craft
forward toward the mouth of the inlet. They might have been seen from
the shore had the Mexicans been alert, but at this hour many who were
supposed to be watching had fallen asleep, and if any remained awake
their eyes were not turned upon the waters of the tiny bay. Quite
noiselessly the launch moved on and presently turned the point of rock
at the right.

Orissa stifled a cry and Steve's heart gave a bound as the bow of the
launch pointed straight at the big boat of Ramon, scarcely ten feet
distant; but Chesty saw the danger, too, and a sharp swing of the scull
sent the light craft spinning around so that it just grazed the side of
the Mexican's boat, in which all the occupants were fast asleep.

Next moment they had passed it, and still Chesty continued sculling, as
it was not safe as yet to start the engines. But when they had skirted
the shore for such a distance that the screeching of the owls would be
likely to drown the noise of their motor, Steve started the machinery
and the launch darted away at full speed.

Half an hour later they crept between the big rock and the bluff
and were safe in the deep hollow at the foot of the ravine, having
accomplished the adventure so easily that they marvelled at their own
success.

"Strikes me as a good omen," remarked Orissa, cheerfully, as they
disembarked and drew the launch upon the sands. "I hope the luck will
follow you on your return, Chesty."

"Me?" replied the big boy. "Why, nothing ever happens to me. Let us
hope the good luck will follow you and Steve, on whom the safety of the
entire party now depends. What first, Steve?

"The tent. We must get that down before daybreak, so they won't see us
working on it from the bay, and interfere with our proposed flight."

Orissa led the way to the bluff and at once Steve and Chesty began
tumbling the rocks from the edges of the canvas. This was no light
task, for the girls had erected a solid parapet in order to defy the
wind; but just as the first streaks of dawn appeared the tent came down
and they hastily seized the canvas, added it to the covering of the
upper plane, which had been inside the tent, and lugged it all down the
incline to where the frame of the Aircraft lay.

"Very good," said Steve. "We'll need the daylight now, in order to
attach the cloth."

They had not long to wait, and while Steve, assisted by Radley-Todd,
fastened the cloth in place with the clips provided for that purpose,
which Orissa had carefully saved, the girl herself inspected the
machinery and all the framework, even to the last brace, to be sure it
was in condition for the long trip. She also oiled the steering gear
and thoroughly tested it to see that it worked freely.

By nine o'clock the planes were tautly spread and the tanks had been
filled with gasoline.

"I think we are all ready for the start," said Steve. "But how about
you, Chesty? As soon as we roll the Aircraft to the top of the bluff
the Mexicans will see us and start for this place to try to intercept
us. Orissa and I will be gone, when they arrive; but they may find you,
unless you make tracks."

"How do you expect to regain the ship?" asked Orissa, who had not
considered this matter before.

"Don't worry about me, I beg of you," retorted the boy, hastily. "I
shall be all right. All ready, Steve?"

Steve looked at him thoughtfully.

"I think that when they see us fly away they may give up the idea of
coming here," said he; "and, in that case, you'd better lie here in the
ravine until night, when you can try to steal back in the same way we
came."

"All right, old man; never mind me."

"But we _do_ mind you, Chesty," said Orissa, earnestly. "You've been
a faithful friend ever since we got into this difficulty--and before,
too--so we can't have anything happen to you."

He blushed like a girl, but declared he would be perfectly safe.

"Don't take any foolish chances," urged Orissa.

"I won't."

They rolled the Aircraft up to the top of the bluff and set it with
the head facing the sea. Then Steve and Orissa took their places and
Chesty, giving them each a hearty handclasp, spun the propeller blade
as Steve started the engine.

At once the aëroplane darted forward, rose as it passed the bluff, and
sailed gracefully into the air. Chesty hid his six-feet-three behind
a boulder, to shield himself from observation, while he watched the
splendid machine turn upon its course and speed away over the Pacific
on its errand of rescue.

Then, with a sigh of relief and elation, the boy crept into the ravine
and descended to where his boat lay. Seated in the launch, calmly
awaiting him, were three of the Mexicans, headed by the one-eyed
Francisco.




                             CHAPTER XXII

                              RAMON GANZA


When Madeline came on deck, soon after daybreak, Captain Krell reported
the successful departure of the launch.

"Are you sure they were not seen?" she asked.

"Quite sure, Miss Dentry, for we heard not a sound, either from our
party or from the besiegers, although we listened intently."

Long before Steve could have prepared the aëroplane for the journey
those on board the yacht were gazing expectantly at the bluff. The tent
had disappeared, which was proof that the undertaking had so far been
successful.

At this time there seemed to be a little stir among the Mexicans and
Mr. Cumberford suggested, rather nervously, that they also had noticed
the absence of the tent, without understanding what could have become
of it.

At half-past eight they heard the sound of the engines of Ramon's big
launch, and that made them worry more than ever until Sybil suddenly
cried: "There they are!"

Upon the distant bluff appeared the Aircraft. A little cheer, which
none could restrain, went up from the deck of the yacht. There was no
delay. Scarcely was the machine in position when it mounted into the
air and headed directly toward the east. Every eye watched it eagerly
until it had become a dim speck against the blue sky and finally
disappeared from view altogether, flying steadily and with a speed that
raised their hopes to the highest pitch. Then, with one accord, they
returned to the cabin to discuss the chances of Radley-Todd's getting
back to them safely with the launch.

"I don't worry much about that young man," said Cumberford. "He's as
full of resources as a pincushion is of sawdust, and I'll bet my hat we
shall soon see him again, safe and sound."

The captain now entered with an anxious face.

"That confounded Mexican king is signaling us with a flag of truce," he
reported.

"What, Ramon?" exclaimed Madeline.

"Yes. What shall we do?"

"Stay here, Miss Dentry," said Cumberford, rising. "I'll go and see
what the fellow wants."

"I will go with you," returned Madeline, quietly.

"I wish you would not."

"Why?" she asked. "If he bears a flag of truce there is no danger."

"I do not believe he would respect a flag of truce--nor anything else,"
asserted Mr. Cumberford. "Do you, Captain?"

"No, sir. He's tricky and unreliable. Don't trust him for a moment."

But Madeline would not be denied. She accompanied the captain and Mr.
Cumberford to the deck.

Just beside the yacht floated the little rowboat which had been brought
from Ramon's island, and in it sat Ramon himself, all alone, holding
aloft a handkerchief attached as a flag to a boat-hook.

As they peered over the side at him he bowed profoundly and removed his
hat to Miss Dentry. He was still clothed in his white flannels and his
fingers glittered with jewels.

"What do you want?" demanded Mr. Cumberford sharply.

"The pleasure of conversing with you, señor," was the confident reply.
"If you will kindly let down your ladder I will come on board. You
see, myself I place in your power. We have, I much regret, some slight
misunderstanding between us, which a few words will assuredly correct."

"Don't let him up, sir," advised Captain Krell, in a low voice.

"But he is unarmed," said Madeline. "I think it will be best to confer
with him."

"Then do it from a distance," grumbled the captain.

"Sir," called Mr. Cumberford, "if you have any apologies to make, you
may speak from where you are."

"Then, alas, my overtures of peace are refused?" said Ramon, not
defiantly, but in a tone of deep regret.

"No; we don't refuse any sincere overtures of peace; but you have
treated us in a scoundrelly manner, and we don't trust you."

"Such a terrible mistake, señor; so sad! But I cannot explain it from
here. With utmost trust in your honor I offer to come to you alone,
and--see!--unarmed. Will not you, for the sake of the ladies who are
with you, encourage my friendliness?"

"Let him come up," said Madeline again. There seemed a veiled threat in
Ramon's appeal.

"Very well. But tell your men to watch his every movement, Captain, and
if he makes a treacherous move shoot him down without hesitation."

The rope ladder was cast over the side and Ramon promptly seized it
and climbed to the deck.

"Follow us below," commanded Mr. Cumberford, turning toward the cabin.
The man hesitated, casting a shrewd, quick glance around. Then he bowed
again and said:

"I thank the señor for his courtesy."

In the cabin were assembled Mr. and Mrs. Tupper and Sybil Cumberford.
Chica and Pietro discreetly kept out of view. Mr. Cumberford entered
first, followed by Madeline. Then came Ramon Ganza and behind him the
captain and little O'Reilly, the Irish engineer. This last personage
was virtually "armed to the teeth," for he carried one of Ramon's own
rifles and a brace of revolvers.

"Be seated," said Mr. Cumberford, pointing to a chair. "And now, sir,
state your errand."

Ganza's comprehensive glance had taken in every member of the party,
as well as the luxurious furnishings of the _Salvador's_ cabin, which
seemed to please his aesthetic taste.

"I ask to be inform, being in ignorance, if three people may ride in
one flying-machine," he blandly announced, looking from one face to
another as if uncertain whom to address.

"Three?" asked Cumberford, as if puzzled.

"Yes. I see that one young lady and two men are missing from your
party."

"I suppose three can ride, if need be," muttered Cumberford. "Is your
mission here to gain information concerning aëroplanes?"

"Only in part, señor."

The Mexican's features had hitherto been composed and smiling, despite
the stern and mistrustful looks he encountered on all sides. But now,
perhaps understanding that these Americans were not easily to be
cajoled, his own face grew somber and lowering and he said in a sharp,
incisive manner: "You prefer to discuss business only?"

"We do, sir," was the reply, Mr. Cumberford continuing to act as
spokesman.

"Very nice. I have a wish to invite you all to my island, where you
shall be my respected guests. My mansion shall be at your service;
my servants shall obey your commands; you shall delight in the grand
scenery and enjoy yourselves as you will."

"Thank you; we decline your hospitality."

"But I fear in that you make bad mistake, señor," continued Ramon
Ganza, unabashed by the rebuff. "My island is a pleasant place, and
where else can you find so much happiness when my ship, which you now
inhabit, is destroyed?"

"Oh; that's the idea, is it?" exclaimed Mr. Cumberford. "You interest
me, sir; you do, really. Perhaps you will state how you intend to
destroy our ship, which is not, permit me to say, your ship as yet."

"Is it necessary to say more?" asked the Mexican, spreading out his
jewelled hands with a deprecating gesture.

"I think it will enable us to understand you better."

As if in deep thought, Ganza drummed upon the cabin table with his
fingers.

"I am very sad at your refusal to be my guests," he said after a
time. "This, my ship, is in a most dangerous position. It is half
out of water, on an island that is a bleak rock. I come here from
the island where I reside to befriend you--to offer you my humble
hospitality--when I have taken possession of the wreck--and in your
blindness--do you call it fatuity?--you receive me as an enemy. Some of
your people chase my boat, as if I have no right to sail the seas of
my own islands! Yet I am not resentful; not at all. I enjoy some humor
and I am good man, with much respectability. When your ship catches
on fire, as it will probably do very soon, you must escape to these
bare rocks, where you can find no assistance, no food to keep you
alive. Then perhaps you will feel more kindly toward poor Don Miguel
del Borgitis--your humble servant--and find willingness to accept his
beautiful home as your own. But why wait for fire to drive you to death
most terrible or to my great hospitality? Is it not the best to accept
my offer, and so save yourselves from--inconvenience?"

Beneath the smooth words the ugly threat was so visible that even
brave Madeline paled, and Mr. Tupper shuddered vigorously. But Mr.
Cumberford, gazing critically into the man's face, replied:

"I see. Interesting; very. You want to save this yacht. You would like
to drag it afloat and carry it away to your own island, where we,
accepting your hospitality, would become your prisoners. But if we
refuse to surrender the ship, you say you will set fire to it, in which
case you would burn us up or force us to land. If we land, you will
capture us and force us to become your unwilling subjects. Is that a
clear understanding of your statement, Ramon Ganza?"

The outlaw gave a start as he heard his true name mentioned, but
quickly recovered his assurance.

"The señor is very intelligent," he said.

"At any rate, the señor is not demented," retorted Cumberford, grimly.
"Why did you venture to place yourself in our power, Ramon Ganza, and
then threaten us as you have done?"

"I came under flag of truce."

"And you think, on that account, we will let you go again, to carry out
your cowardly designs?"

"I am certain of that. Before I came I took care to protect myself."

"In what way?"

He looked at his watch, a huge jewelled affair.

"Underneath your ship," said he quietly, "is anchored a mine of very
much power. It lies under that part which is in the water--I think
just below the place where we now sit. If I do not depart from here in
safety within fifty minutes from now, my men will kindly explode this
mine and blow us all to--well, where we go. The poor ship, alas, will
be destroyed with us."

"Would your men execute such an absurd order?" asked Cumberford
sneeringly.

"With much satisfaction. You see, it would make them free. They do not
love me very much. If I die, they will have my beloved island and all
my possessions--so they think."

"And you would be willing to forfeit your life as the alternative of
not getting control of this yacht? Do you expect us to believe that?"

The outlaw's glittering fingers drummed upon the table again.

"The señor is not so wholly intelligent as I believed," said he. "I
do not contradict his statement that he is not--eh--what you call
it?--demented, or a fool; but the statement seems open to suspicion."

"Ah; that interests me."

"It ought to. You seem to know my name, señor; therefore you doubtless
know my history. Pietro will have told you, or Chica, for both are now
with you. My safety has depended on my keeping hidden upon my island.
I must not let any who has seen me there, and recognized Ramon Ganza,
depart to carry the tale to the mainland. In Mexico a price is set upon
my head and they have condemned me to years in prison. But--there! I
assure you all that I am good man, and honest; but my enemies have
conspired to destroy me.

"As Don Miguel del Borgitis I have lived very respectable until,
unfortunately for us all, you came here. I knew two girls had been
wreck on this island in a flying-machine--a very strange and exciting
invention, is it not?--but I did not disturb them nor allow them to
become aware of my existence. Why? All I wish is safety. When some of
you people, after this yacht is driven ashore in storm, intrude on
me by coming to my hiding-place, I was obliged to protect myself. I
started to come here to get every one on board and invite them to my
island--where I meant to keep you all indefinitely, for I did not dare
allow you to return to America and say where you had found Ramon Ganza.
This yacht I could use to advantage, I admit; but I would be better
pleased had I never seen it--nor you.

"Almost at once you are my enemies, and defy my laws. That did not
change my plans except to make them harder. In this unknown island I
am really king. I must conquer you, which I thought with good reason I
could easily accomplish in time. So I make siege to your boat, laughing
to think you cannot escape me. But one man cannot comprehend all
things, señor, and I failed to consider that devilish contrivance, your
flying-machine. I thought it was wreck, and no good any more. Some time
last night three of your party get away and go to flying-machine, and
this morning some of them--one, two, three; it does not matter--have
fly away in it. Of course they will go to the mainland. That means
they send assistance to you. They float your ship, take you back to
America and you all have knowledge where Ramon Ganza may be found by
those that seek his capture. Now you understand me, do you not? You
have make it very unpleasant for me. If I escape from my island in
little boat, where can I got? If I stay I will be arrest and carried
to Mexico to be put in prison. Very well; I must escape. But not in my
launch, which is old and not very good. I must have this yacht, which
will carry me to any far part of the world, where Mexico is not known.
Perhaps in it I could be privateer, if that seemed best way to protect
my liberty--which is dearer to me than life. With this yacht I could
defy all enemies; without it--I face death, or at least ruin. You have
driven me to this desperation, so I come to make you my proposition.
Now that I have explained all with much frankness, you will understand
I mean what I say, for I am talking for my liberty--the liberty of a
man who would soon die in confinement, for I am used to the open and
could not exist as a convicted felon, in chains and abused by dogs
of jailers. For your party I have no especial enmity; neither do I
care for you the snap of my fingers. But believe this: Either I will
save myself in this yacht, as I have proposed, or I will die in your
company."




                             CHAPTER XXIII

                        A DESPERATE ALTERNATIVE


Ramon Ganza had spoken slowly and with deliberation, choosing his words
with care. His story seemed plausible, except where it referred to
the planting of the mine, which he claimed to be the last resort of a
man so desperately situated. Some of his hearers were quite convinced
of his sincerity in making this statement, but Mr. Cumberford was not
among them. He remembered Chica's artless statement: "Ramon lies; he
always lies," and it confirmed his skepticism.

"As I understand you," he made answer, after a little thought, "you
consider your retreat no longer safe because we have discovered it.
Therefore, on obtaining possession of this yacht, you propose to sail
to parts unknown, leaving us stranded on this rocky island."

"From whence you will soon be rescued," added the outlaw, with a bow.

"The siege which you had planned, in order to force us to surrender
through starvation, is no longer practical; for time presses and if you
delay you will be surprised by the ship sent to rescue us--perhaps a
Mexican man-o'-war."

The man nodded, watching the speaker's face with an eagerness he could
not dissemble.

"For which reason," continued Mr. Cumberford, "you decided to force a
climax by coming on board and threatening us--as you have done. Well,
we intend to force your alternative, Ramon Ganza. You are our prisoner,
and if your men blow up this yacht you shall go to eternity with us!"

The Mexican's face grew rigid a moment. Then he smiled in a sardonic
way and shrugged his shoulders. But Mr. Tupper, white and trembling as
with an ague, leaped to his feet and cried:

"In heaven's name, Cumberford, what do you mean? Would you destroy us
all in this heartless fashion?"

"No. There is no mine; or, if there is, it will not explode."

"I--I differ with you. This--er--person--is desperate. He--he knows
what he's talking about. I refuse to ta-ta-take the chances, sir! I
must consider the safety of my wife and myself, and of our niece, Miss
Dentry. This is our yacht, Cumberford, not yours, I beg to remind you,
and we shall decide this important question ourselves."

Even before he ceased speaking Mrs. Tupper, whose eyes had been wild
and staring, uttered a piercing shriek and tumbled to the floor of the
cabin in violent hysterics. Sybil and Madeline rushed to her assistance
and this confusion further unnerved Mr. Tupper. With sudden energy he
pounded his fist upon the table and cried:

"I won't allow it! I won't allow this sacrifice. Madeline is rich; what
does she care for this miserable yacht? Take it, you Mexican thief, if
you want it! Our lives are far too precious to be put in peril."

Ramon Ganza's face showed his satisfaction but his eyes expressed
nothing but contempt for the terrified Mr. Tupper. Mr. Cumberford
sat calmly regarding the contortions of the afflicted lady, as if
wondering how much was involuntary and how much pure perversity. The
captain twirled his thumbs and seemed absolutely unconcerned, while
little O'Reilly's attention was fixed, in keen amusement, on the scene
before him, as if it were a vaudeville act performed for his especial
edification.

As Mrs. Tupper continued to pound the floor with her heels Madeline
first emptied the water pitcher over her aunt and then slyly pinched
her, which torture may have been responsible for some of the frantic
screams. Mr. Tupper bowed his head despairingly on the cabin table,
in an attitude so pitiable that it should have aroused the sympathy
of all beholders, as he intended it to do. But meanwhile his good
wife gradually recovered; her screams subsided to heart-rending wails
and then to moans, after which she became quiet except for a series
of nervous sobs. Madeline and Sybil now raised the poor woman and
supported her to her stateroom, where she fell exhausted upon the berth.

It was not until the girls returned to the cabin that the discussion of
Ramon Ganza's proposition was renewed. Miss Dentry gave him a searching
look as she entered and noted the outlaw's smirk of satisfaction and
the triumphant glitter of the dark eyes beneath their half closed lids.
Then her own expression hardened and she turned to Mr. Cumberford, as
if inviting him to proceed.

"Madeline," implored Mr. Tupper, "be good enough to assure this
man--Mr.--Mr.--eh--Ganza--that the yacht, which is your property, is at
his disposal in return for our--safety."

"The yacht is really Miss Dentry's property," added Mr. Cumberford
coolly. "She will dispose of it as she thinks fit."

[Illustration: Madeline, seated at the table, studied the faces before
her curiously, while an amused smile played around her lips. "We cannot
accept our enemy's proposition," she announced.]

Madeline, seated at the table, studied the faces before her curiously,
while an amused smile played around her lips. She knew she was
enjoying the scene, and also knew the moment was critical, but no fear
of consequences caused her courageous heart to falter an instant.

"We cannot accept our enemy's proposition," she announced. "Ramon Ganza
is not the man to abide by any promises he makes, and if once we left
the protection of this yacht we would probably be treated with little
mercy. It would not save a single life, Uncle Martin, to agree to
Ganza's proposal. Threatening and browbeating those weaker than himself
seems to be the man's pet recreation and before he left the island he
would leave us to our fate, virtual prisoners. It might be years before
any ship chanced to sail this way."

"I give you my pledge of honor to send word to your friends where you
are," protested Ganza, eagerly.

"As you have no honor, sir, your word has no value. But I have a
counter-proposition to suggest which will, I think, satisfy all
concerned. Order your men, Ramon Ganza, to lay down their arms and
surrender themselves to our keeping and to obey us unreservedly. Then,
under command of Captain Krell, all hands must attempt to get the yacht
afloat in deep water. When that is accomplished we will take you with
us back to the United States and secretly land you in any port you
select. Afterward we will not betray you nor attempt to hunt you down.
If you need money, I will even supply you with a small sum that will
enable you to flee to Europe or South America. That is fair. It is more
fair than you deserve. But, if you accept our terms, we will abide by
them faithfully."

The Mexican was intensely annoyed.

"No!" he exclaimed, abruptly. "If you cannot trust me, why should I
trust you?"

"Because my plan is by far the better way," she rejoined. "If you
seek liberty, if you desire to avoid arrest, this plan will surely
accomplish your purpose. You cannot prefer prison to assured freedom,
and the alternative, if you reject my plan, is simply to explode your
mine."

He drummed on the table again, rather nervously.

"Pardon me, Miss Dentry," said Cumberford, "but you are proposing
to aid and abet the escape of a condemned criminal. You will render
yourself, and us, liable to punishment."

"I know," she answered. "I despise myself for treating with this
scoundrel, but do it to relieve the fears of the Tuppers and perhaps
others aboard who have not yet protested. If I dared follow my own
counsel I would defy him, as you have done."

"My dear sir," said Mr. Tupper, looking at the Mexican beseechingly,
"accept Miss Dentry's terms, I implore you. She will do exactly as she
agrees; she always does!"

"Puh!" muttered Ganza, uneasily shifting in his chair; "perhaps we
can arrange. But the trust shall not be all on one side. If I trust
you, you must trust me--to an extent--a few more details. Instead of
giving you my men, you must give me yours, and place all weapons in my
control. Also I will take command of this yacht, for I am good sailor.
In an hour's time I will float the ship; then, with my men, I will sail
it back to United States, to land your party on the coast near to some
city which you can reach easily by walking. After that I will sail away
in this yacht, which you will present to me in return for my services
to you. You see, in this way you assure absolute safety to yourselves.
As this wise and agreeable gentleman," indicating Mr. Tupper, "has with
cleverness stated, the young lady is rich enough to afford the loss of
her boat, so you can have no objection to my generous proposition."

"None whatever!" exclaimed Mr. Tupper. "Agree, Madeline, agree!"

"No," she said, shaking her head, "I will not. The man is not sincere,
or he would not require us to place ourselves in his power."

"But I insist, my dear. He--he seems quite honest. I--I----"

"Be quiet, confound you!" roared Cumberford, losing patience. "You're a
doddering old idiot, Tupper, and if you don't shut up I'll gag you." He
turned to Ganza. "Miss Dentry's proposition still stands, and it's the
final word. You'll either accept it--right now, on the spot--or take
the consequences."

"Already I have refuse," said the outlaw calmly.

"Very well. O'Reilly, march this fellow to the cage, for'ard, and lock
him in. Then stand guard before the door and shoot him if he bothers
you."

"Thank 'e, sor; it's proud I am to do that same," answered the
engineer, gleefully.

"One moment, please," said Ganza. "You make doubt of my saying that you
all face a most horrible death. You are stupid Americans, and must be
convinced. Come with me on deck and I will prove to you your danger."

"No harm in that," replied Cumberford. "It's on your way to the cage."

With one accord they all accompanied O'Reilly and his prisoner to the
deck.

"Now," said Ramon, standing by the rail, "I have some men hid in
those rocks yonder. Their names are Paschal, Mateo, Gabrielle, Gomez,
Francisco, Pedro, Gonzales, Juan and Tomas. Tell me which one I shall
call--I care not which, myself--and the man will assure you my orders
are positive to them, and that they will carry out the explosion of the
mine as I have arranged, provided I do not return in safety."

Cumberford was curious to learn the extent of the rogue's bravado.

"Call Mateo," he suggested.

The Mexican did so, raising his voice to utter the summons.

From behind a pile of rocks nearly opposite them sprang a thin, gaunt
man. He ran down to the water's edge, saluted his chief and stood at
attention.

"Come here, Mateo," commanded Ganza.

Without hesitation the man waded into the inlet and swam to the rope
ladder which dangled over the side. This he seized and climbed on deck,
where, dripping with water, he again faced his master and saluted him.

"Tell me, Mateo," said Ramon Ganza, "where is it, beneath this boat,
that the mine has been planted?"

"Fourteen feet from the stern, Capitan."

"And is it powerful enough to destroy the ship?"

"To make it in small pieces, Capitan--an' ten ship like it, if ten ship
were here."

"Very nice. You know what time the mine is to explode?"

"At eleven o'clock, Capitan, unless you come ashore to countermand the
order."

"Ah yes; so it is. You may go back to your post, Mateo."

The man, looking neither to right nor left, descended the ladder, swam
to shore and retreated behind the rocks again.

Ramon turned to Mr. Cumberford, showing the open face of his watch.

"In five minutes it will be eleven o'clock," he quietly announced.

"Take him to the cage, O'Reilly!"

Two other armed men had joined the engineer on deck and the three now
surrounded Ganza and started forward with him.

"Mercy, Cumberford! Save us--save us!" howled Mr. Tupper, frantic
with fear. "I can't die now--we ought none of us to die! Give him the
launch. Give him the----"

A cry interrupted him. Mason, the man nearest the rail, dropped his gun
and staggered back with his hands clasped to his side, from which a
stream of blood gushed forth. At the same moment the huge form of Ramon
Ganza leaped the rail and dove headforemost into the water.

But everyone else was more interested in the wounded man, who seemed
to be badly hurt. Ramon Ganza was forgotten as the girls bent over the
poor fellow with anxious looks.

"Have Mason brought to my own cabin, at once," said Madeline to Captain
Krell.

They carried the wounded man below, to be placed in Madeline's roomy
cabin. Mr. Cumberford was not a surgeon, but there was no one aboard
who knew more of surgery than he and so he went to Mason's side at once.

Ganza had struck the man with a knife of the stiletto type, the narrow
blade of which had penetrated his side just above the hip joint. Mr.
Cumberford's "first aid" outfit, which the captain was able to supply,
enabled him to stop the bleeding, but he was unable to tell how serious
the injury might prove. The man was in considerable pain, which
Cumberford partially relieved with a hypodermic injection of morphine.

During this interesting period no one gave a thought to the escaped
Mexican, but when nothing more could be done for his patient Cumberford
left the girls to watch over him and walked into the cabin, where he
found Mrs. Tupper sobbing as if in great grief while her husband sat in
his favorite despairing attitude, his head bowed on his arms.

"What's wrong?" demanded Cumberford, in surprise.

"Wrong!" cried Tupper, lifting his head; "why, at any moment may come
the crash of the explosion that will send us all to eternity. We--we
can't escape it. It's inevitable!"

Cumberford looked at his watch.

"It's a quarter to twelve," he said. "The explosion was due at eleven."

"But the Mexican brigand--the pirate chief--the----"

"He has escaped, so there'll be no explosion at all. I believe he
threatened to fire the ship; but he won't do that. Ganza's sole
ambition is to capture this boat, so he can sail away from his
countrymen, escape imprisonment, and perhaps become a really-truly
pirate. Interesting, isn't it? Forget the explosion, Tupper; if you
must worry, worry about our real danger."

"What is that, sir? What is our real danger?" cried Madeline's uncle,
springing to his feet in a new access of terror.

"There'll be fighting, presently," predicted Mr. Cumberford. "Having
failed in all else, the Mexican will find a way to board us--in the
night, probably--and will try to slice us to goulash or pepper us with
bullets, as opportunity decides."

"Great heavens!"

"To be sure. To avoid getting to those great heavens, where you don't
belong, I advise you to arm yourself properly and be ready to repel the
attack."

Then Cumberford went on deck and found the captain.

"How about Ramon Ganza?" he asked.

"I think Ganza kept swimming and reached the shore, where his men
dragged him to cover. The fellow seems to bear a charmed life."

"That's bad," observed Cumberford, shaking his head regretfully. "I've
an idea, Captain Krell, that unless we manage to capture Ramon Ganza
during the next twenty-four hours, he will manage to capture us."

"So soon?" asked the captain.

"He won't dare to wait longer. There's help coming."

"Well, sir, in that case----" The captain hesitated.

"In that case it will be pleasanter and more satisfactory for us to
capture Ganza," said Mr. Cumberford. "Interesting; isn't it?"

"How can we do it?" asked Captain Krell.

"I don't know," replied Cumberford.




                             CHAPTER XXIV

                     THE DIPLOMACY OF CHESTY TODD


When Mr. H. Chesterton Radley-Todd discovered the one-eyed Francisco
and his two comrades calmly seated in the _Salvador's_ launch, engaged
in nonchalantly smoking their brown-paper cigarettes, he merely raised
his eyebrows and continued down the slope. They had seen him as soon
as he saw them and, confident in their superior numbers, awaited his
advance with serenity.

Chesty knew there was little chance of escape, and he knew the men
knew he knew it. The launch was his sole resource, and the enemy had
captured it. He might, perhaps, dodge behind the rocks on the mountain
for an indefinite period, but they'd get him in the end, so such an
undertaking was scarcely worth the exertion it required.

Therefore, on he came, walking leisurely and picking his way
deliberately down the incline until he stood beside the launch, which
was still beached upon the shore of the little pocket-like bay. Then he
drew out a silver case and, choosing a cigarette with solicitous care,
turned to Francisco and said:

"Will the señor favor me with a light?"

The men grinned. They enjoyed the humor of the situation. Francisco,
with a bow of mock deference, furnished the required light from his own
cigarette.

Chesty climbed into the launch, took a seat facing Francisco and
remarked: "Fine day, señors."

"Good to fly in air," nodded one of the men, with a laugh and a glance
skyward.

"Oh; did you see the machine fly? Pretty sight, wasn't it? And you
boys saw it for nothing. In the United States we charge fifty cents to
tickle the vision like that."

Francisco looked at him, meditating.

"Where they go?" he asked.

"To Mexico, to ask President Madero for a battleship."

The men exchanged significant glances.

"For why, señor?" inquired one of them.

"To come and get Ramon Ganza and clap him in prison. Perhaps hang him
to one of those banana trees, on the bluff up there."

The Mexicans looked their consternation.

"If that is true," said Francisco, slowly, "then I may be capture an'
put in prison, too."

"I suppose so; because you belong to Ganza's gang and have probably
broken the laws more than once."

"I not murder," protested the man. "Ramon do that, I know; but not
me. I very hones' an' good. But come," he added, throwing away his
cigarette and rising. "We mus' go back. You are our prisoner, señor."

Chesty did not move. He took the silver case from his pocket and
offered it to the Mexicans.

"Help yourselves, boys," he said. "There's no hurry. Let us sit here
and have a little talk. When you get back to Ramon he'll be sure to
keep you busy enough. This is a good time to rest."

They hesitated a little, but took the cigarettes and lighted them.

"I suppose," remarked Mr. Todd, leaning back with his arms clasped
around his knees, "if I asked the warship to take Ganza, and let my
friends--you are my friends, I suppose?" They all nodded, watching his
face eagerly. "And let my friends escape--with me, in our yacht, the
_Salvador_--they would do so without question. Madero knows me, and he
usually does what I ask."

"You know Madero?" asked Francisco, his back against the boat and his
elbows resting on the gunwale, in a lounging attitude.

"We are like twin brothers," asserted Chesty. "That is why he will send
a warship to take Ramon Ganza and all his gang--except those who are my
friends."

They smoked a while in silence and Chesty noted that they now forbore
meeting one another's eyes.

"Ramon great man," said one, presently, as if to himself. "Ramon bad
master; his people are dogs; but Ramon have his own way, an' nobody
dare stop him."

"Wrong, my friend," rejoined Mr. Todd. "Ramon is stopped right now.
His time is up; his days are numbered. He has run the length of his
rope. Presently he'll be confined in a dungeon, on bread-and-water, or
breaking stone on the roads--in chains and very miserable. Poor Ramon.
What a fool he was to break the law--which leads to breaking stones!"

"Ramon very clever," suggested another man, but in a doubtful tone.

"Cleverness has failed him this time," said Chesty. "Your leader is
caught like a rat in a trap. If he could get hold of our yacht he'd
skip out and save himself; but he can't do that in a thousand years."

"An' why not, señor?"

"We're too strong for him."

They pondered this.

"Ramon have sixteen men," said Francisco, presently. "You had 'leven;
but one fly away, an' one--that is you, señor--is now capture. That
make you nine. Nine to sixteen--an' Ramon to lead those sixteen!"

"You didn't remain in school long enough to complete your education,
Francisco," declared the prisoner, calmly. "In other words, you can't
figure. Here's the real situation, and it's worth your while to study
it: The yacht has a crew of seven--all splendid warriors. Then there's
General Cumberford, a terrible fighter, and Major-General Tupper, who
cries every night if he can't kill a man before he goes to bed--it
makes him sleep better, you know--and the invincible Captain Krell,
who once cut down a whole regiment with his own saber--chopped them
into mince-meat by the hundreds, and was given a gold medal with his
monogram engraved on it, to commemorate the event. That's an even ten
defenders. And then there's myself. I won't say much about myself, but
you might look me over carefully. It is possible that if I was aroused
I might crush you three in my arms until your bones cracked like
walnuts."

They did look at him, and it seemed as if the big fellow might do it,
exactly as he said. But Chesty continued, reassuringly:

"However, I never injure my friends. I'm noted for that. Let's
see; ten in our party, so far, wasn't it? Then there's that
Red-beard--Pietro--who has been given a charm by one of our witch-women
which will not only preserve his life but enable him to defeat all his
enemies. Pietro desires to return to civilization, a free man, and we
will allow him to do so."

They were much impressed by this statement. Chesty's idea of the
"witch-woman" was destined to prove his most forceful argument.

"Pietro makes eleven," he continued, "and you three bring the number up
to fourteen, which leaves Ramon but thirteen followers to be arrested
with him--unlucky number, thirteen. Haven't you noticed it?"

"You think we join you, then?" asked Francisco, curiously.

"I'm sure of it. You are no longer afraid of Ramon, for his jig is
up. You don't want to go to prison with him, because it is very
disagreeable to break stone on the roads, I'm told, and in prison they
deprive a man of even his cigarettes. I know you have been bad boys,
all three of you, and until now the law has threatened you. But you
have reformed. Remember, señors, you have reformed, and are now honest
men. I will tell Madero, my friend the president, what honest men you
are, and how you have helped to defy Ramon, the outlaw, and give him up
to justice. Madero will then reward you, and you will live happy ever
after."

It was an enticing picture. The men looked grave and undecided. In
their hearts they hated Ramon; but they also feared him. For years
they had lived in daily terror of the tyrant who ruled them with an
iron hand, who whipped a man brutally if he incurred his anger, who
dominated them so utterly that they grovelled at his feet like the
curs they were. If they could be sure of Ramon's downfall; if they
could believe this big American boy, who was fully as powerful of frame
as Ramon himself, then they would gladly desert the tyrant and save
themselves by joining his enemies. It was only their inbred fear of
Ramon and their confidence in his cleverness in defying justice, that
made them hesitate.

Chesty saw this. He racked his brain to find other arguments.

"You have witch-women?" asked one of the men, in an awed tone.

"Three of them, all very bewitching."

"One has fly away."

"Yes; to cast a spell over the captain of the Mexican battleship, and
make him hurry. The two most powerful are still here on this island."

"Then why they not use their witchcraft to push your ship into deep
water!" inquired Francisco, his one eye flashing triumphantly. "Why the
witch-women let Ramon make trouble for you? Eh? Tell me, señor."

Chesty looked at the man reproachfully.

"How stupid you are, Francisco. Must we not keep Ramon busy, to hold
him here until the warship comes? Why do you suppose we came to this
island at all, and ran our ship high on the beach, without hurting it
in any way! Did we lay a trap for Ramon? Did we coax him to come and
try to capture us, that we might prove he is a wicked law-breaker? We
do not seem much afraid of your Ramon, do we? Am I frightened? Do I
grow pale, and tremble? Here--feel my pulse--does my blood beat faster
in my veins because Ramon Ganza, the trapped criminal, is waiting here
to be captured, and thinks he is making us worry?"

The two men exchanged a few sentences in Spanish. Francisco listened to
them and nodded approvingly.

"The case is this, señor," he announced, addressing Mr. Todd. "We would
like to leave Ramon. We would like to join your ship an' go back to
Mexico, an' have pardon. But Ramon is not trap yet. Ramon great man.
Many time he escape. If we leave him, an' he then capture your ship,
Ramon flog us with whip, which make great pain in us."

"True, that might be the result if Ramon captures the ship; but he
can't do that--not in a century of Sundays, which is a long time. And
if you stay with Ramon you will surely be made prisoners when the
warship comes, which will be in another day or two. You must make up
your minds which is the most powerful--we and our witch-women, with the
Mexican government and its warships to back us, or poor Ramon, who is
caught in a trap. I like you, all three--but not too much. You are fine
men--unless I am lying--and I would grieve to see you imprisoned with
Ramon. But otherwise I do not care what you decide to do. Come with
me and I will save you, just as I intend to save myself, from Ramon's
anger. But if you stick to your old master I cannot say one good word
for you when you face the Mexican authorities. Now I am tired talking.
Make up your minds and let me know."

He carelessly rose, lighted another cigarette and strolled down to the
water's edge, where he stood with his back to them. The three rascals
took advantage of the opportunity and argued among themselves for half
an hour.

"Señor!" called Francisco, who, as a trusted lieutenant of Ramon Ganza,
was the more important of the three.

Mr. Radley-Todd came back to the launch.

"It is this way," explained Francisco. "We desire to be save, señor,
but we have caution. We believe you speak true, but not yet have you
conquer Ramon; not yet has the warship come to take him to prison. So
we think of a way to be safe if Ramon win, an' safe if you win. It is
but just to us, as honest men, that we do that way."

Chesty smiled, really amused.

"How childlike and bland you naughty, naughty men are!" he exclaimed.
"But let me hear your clever plan to play both sides and win hands
down."

"When we find you escape from ship," began Francisco, "then Ramon think
you have come here, for the tent is gone from the top of the bluff. So
Ramon tell us to come here in big launch, to see what you do, an' he
say capture you an' bring you back to him. When we get here we find
this boat; but two fly away in air-machine, an' only one is left to
capture. But Ramon not know if we come before the two fly away or not;
he not know if we three, who come to capture, get capture ourselves. So
that is what we mus' do. We get capture. You tie up our arms an' our
legs an' put gag in our mouth. Then you put us in boat an' take us away
to your ship. If Ramon stop us, we say we have been capture. If Ramon
see you take us on your ship, he think we have fight hard an' been
capture, an' he sorry but not mad. Then, if he take your ship, he set
us free; if warship come an' capture Ramon, we safe on your ship an' be
hones' men, like you say, an' get reward from Madero. Is it not good
way, señor?"

Chesty's sentiments wavered between indignation and admiration. Such
a combination of low cunning, cowardice and absence of all shame he
had never encountered in any being of human origin. But his cue was
not to quarrel with the men at this time. It was enough to realize
that instead of becoming a prisoner he was to carry his three captors,
bound, to the ship, and so deprive Ramon of that many assistants.

In the outlaw's big launch, which was anchored just outside the tiny
bay in the open sea, were plenty of stout ropes. Francisco waded
out and got a supply, and then he proceeded deftly to bind his two
comrades, trussing their arms to their bodies and their legs together,
so that they were helpless. The fellows grinned with delight at this
experience, thinking how cleverly they were fooling Ramon Ganza,
and when they were laid side by side on the beach Chesty stuck a
lighted cigarette in the mouth of each, to afford them comfort and
render them patient. Then Francisco bound his own legs and turned to
Mr. Radley-Todd, who at once completed the operation and fastened
Francisco's arms to his body--not too tightly, but in a very secure
manner.

When this was done the big boy breathed a sigh of contentment and set
himself down beside his captives.

"Now," said Francisco, "you mus' put us in big boat an' go back to ship
with us."

Chesty shook his head.

"Not yet, old man," said he.

"Not yet?"

"No; I shall wait for night. It will be safe in the darkness."

"Then you are 'fraid of Ramon?"

"Not much. Just a little."

The prisoners wriggled uneasily.

"Listen, then, Señor American," observed Francisco. "If we not go
before night, then release our bonds--make loose the ropes--so we will
rest more easy. When night come you will again tie us up."

Mr. Todd was unresponsive.

"Too much trouble, Francisco," he remarked, with a yawn. "Why do the
work twice?"

"But--to lie here all day? San Sebastian, it is too horrible!"

"Fortunes of war, my dear boy. Ramon might appear unexpectedly, you
know. We made a bargain, to ensure your safety, and we're going to keep
it."

All three turned their heads to regard him with interest. There were
sparks of glowering resentment in their dark eyes. Presently one of
them said in humble tones:

"With your kind permission, Señor Americaño, I think I will change my
mind."

"Certainly," replied Chesty; "do anything you please with your mind.
It's yours, you know."

"I think, then, señor, I will not be your prisoner--until night."

"Don't think any such thing. It's wicked of you. Try to guide your
thoughts into right channels. Make up your mind to be true to your
bargain, because--you have to be."

Francisco groaned.

"All masters are cruel," he muttered. "This Americaño is as bad as
Ramon!"

"But he's going to preserve your liberty and keep you out of jail,"
Chesty reminded him.

"And now, boys, try to sleep, for I'm going to take a little walk and
stretch my legs."




                              CHAPTER XXV

                               SCUTTLED


A modicum of truth had been included in Ramon Ganza's recital of
falsehoods during his interview with those on board the yacht. The
outlaw was really in a tight place and only by forcing, in some way,
the capture of the yacht could he hope to escape in a manner at all
agreeable to his requirements.

By this time he was fully aware of the situation that confronted him.
The flying-machine, if it encountered no accident, would reach the
mainland and secure assistance for the stranded Americans. Perhaps it
was true that President Madero would send a warship to capture him.
Like most fugitive criminals, he had an exaggerated idea of his own
importance. In any event he must abandon his island kingdom and seek
another hiding place. His first intention--to make everyone of these
intruders prisoners and subjects, so they could not betray him--was
frustrated by the escape of the two in the aëroplane. It would be
useless to capture the others when these two had already carried the
news to the authorities who were seeking him.

Two courses of procedure were, open to Ganza. One was hastily to outfit
his sixty-foot launch and run it to the South Pacific in search of some
other island that was uninhabited, taking with him enough men and women
to start a new colony. The other was to capture the yacht, put his most
cherished possessions on board and then make off in it before any help
could arrive from the mainland. The first was by far the most sensible
course, but the beauties of the _Salvador_ had so enraptured him and he
was so well aware of the value a yacht would prove to him that he could
not bring himself to abandon the idea of securing it until the last
moment of grace had arrived.

This led him to consider how much time remained to him in which to
carry out his intentions. He figured that at least thirty-six hours
must elapse before any ship could possibly arrive. It was unlikely
that the messengers would find a ship prepared to sail at a moment's
notice, and therefore three or four days might pass before he would be
disturbed by any outside foe.

Ramon had hoped to frighten the Americans into surrender and therefore
had arranged the little drama so lately enacted; but the finale had
disappointed him. There was no mine planted beneath the yacht, but he
had instructed one of his men to answer to his call, no matter what
name he cried out, and to make the statement to the Americans which
he had so cleverly invented. He made a mistake in thinking the flag
of truce would protect him, for these strangers were not so simple as
he had believed; so he had been forced to attempt a desperate escape,
which succeeded because it was so bold and unexpected.

Recovering his breath as his white flannels dried upon the rocks, Ramon
Ganza carefully considered his next move in the game. The yacht was a
glorious prize. He must certainly have it for his own. The people on
board seemed unequal to a successful defense. There might be half a
dozen determined men among them, but the rest were women and cowards.
He laughed as he recalled Mr. Tupper's terror at his threats.

The outlaw decided to carry the ship by assault. A night attack would
be best. As soon as Francisco returned with the launch he would call
his men together and instruct them what to do. Being informed of every
movement on the part of the besieged, Ganza was aware that three people
had escaped in the small launch to the bluff where the flying-machine
lay. As soon as he discovered that the tent was gone he had dispatched
Francisco with two men to capture the three, or as many as he could
find. When the aëroplane ascended Ganza watched it carefully and
decided it contained but two people; therefore Francisco would find the
other and presently return.

But Francisco failed to put in an appearance, to his master's great
annoyance. That old tub of a launch was precious to him, for if all
else failed he must use it to make good his escape. Also he needed the
three men to assist in boarding the yacht in the night attack. His men
were unarmed, while the yacht's crew seemed well provided with weapons
of defense.

As the day wore on he considered sending the rowboat to search for
Francisco's party, but decided not to risk it. Of course Francisco
would come, in time; doubtless he was delayed because he experienced
difficulty in capturing his man.

Evening came, but no Francisco. Ramon Ganza was perplexed; he was even
somewhat troubled. He must defer the attack until the launch arrived,
for he intended to use it to carry his men to the side of the yacht.
His plan was to have the launch run up to one side and make a noisy
attack, to create a diversion and concentrate the attention of those on
board, while he and a party of picked men stole silently to the other
side in the rowboat, climbed to the deck and overcame all who opposed
them. The bow was too high to scale, where it rested on the beach; the
attack must be made near the stern, which sat low in the water.

Therefore the launch was quite necessary, as were the three men
who were absent with it, so Ramon was angry with Francisco for not
returning more promptly.

The outlaw paced up and down the rocks in the starlight and cursed his
dilatory lieutenant most heartily.

But the launch was coming. In fact, two launches were coming to the bay.

As soon as night had really settled down, Mr. Radley-Todd quit loafing
and suddenly became active. He carried his trussed and helpless
prisoners, one by one, to the small launch and laid them gently along
the bottom. He had already, during the afternoon, waded out to the
larger launch of Ganza, bored a large hole in its bottom and then
stopped the inrushing water with a plug. He chuckled while doing this,
being greatly pleased by what he called his "foxy plan to fool the
pirate."

With his prisoners aboard, the boy shoved the _Salvador's_ launch into
the water and cautiously paddled it between the rocks and to the side
of the big launch, to which he attached it by means of a rope.

"I think I shall gag you boys, as you suggested," he said to the
prisoners, who by this time had become sullen and decidedly unfriendly.

"No!" cried Francisco, partly in anger and partly in fear; "it is not
necessary. We know what to do."

"Will you promise not to cry out and attract Ramon's attention?"

"We swear it!" they all cried eagerly.

"Then I think I shall gag you. Not because I doubt your word but
because I've whittled out three lovely gags and I'm anxious to see how
they work."

They began to protest vigorously at such unkind treatment, but Chesty
gagged them, by turns, and they were effectually silenced.

"You boys are splendid actors," he told them, admiringly, "and you
are performing your parts with great credit to us all. No one would
guess this was your plan, would he? Ramon least of all. If we are not
captured, you will make an important addition to our party on the
yacht. If we are, you will lie gloriously to Ramon and say I sneaked up
behind you and sandbagged all three before you saw me. Eh? Never mind
answering, for you can't."

As he spoke, Chesty climbed into the big launch and started the
engines. They grumbled and refused to act, at first, but finally
overcame their reluctance and the boat chug-chugged on its way to the
south bay, making such a racket that the owls thought it was defying
them and redoubled their frantic screeches.

"Ramon will be certain to hear me coming," reflected the boy as the
boat swept on. "He's a clever scoundrel, that Mexican; exceptionally
clever; but if he guesses this riddle he's a wizard."

He kept the launch well out from the shore and as it approached the
points of rock behind which the yacht lay hidden he set the steering
wheel to carry the boat a couple of hundred yards past the entrance to
the bay, lashing it firmly in place. Then, while the engines continued
their monotonous "chug-chug," he pried the plug out of the bottom of
the boat, crept aboard the _Salvador's_ launch and unfastened the rope,
cutting the two craft apart. The big launch quickly forged ahead and
Chesty sat down and let the smaller boat drift peacefully where it lay.

Ramon Ganza had heard his boat coming, as Chesty had intended he
should. Greatly relieved, but still angry with Francisco, he ran as far
out upon the point as the rocks would permit and peered through the
starlight to catch sight of the approaching launch.

Presently it appeared, making good time, the old engines working
steadily and doing their full duty. But it did not turn into the bay,
for some extraordinary reason; instead, it kept straight on and headed
for some indefinite point out at sea.

"Francisco!" shouted Ganza, in a rage; "Francisco--villain--fool! What
are you doing? Wake up, Francisco! The idiot is asleep."

As the precious launch did not halt, the outlaw ran along the shore,
following its track and shaking his fist at the perverse Francisco
with vengeful energy. Most of his men, attracted by their chief's
excitement, left their posts to join him on the shore; the others gazed
wonderingly in the direction of the disappearing launch.

Meantime, Chesty Todd cautiously paddled his little boat into the bay,
crept to the side of the yacht and uttered a low whistle--the signal
agreed upon. Those on board, who had been interested in Ramon's shouts
and suspected something was about to happen, lost no time in lowering
the davits and Chesty promptly attached the grappling hooks. A few
moments later the launch and its occupants were safely on deck and the
boy stepped out to be greeted by hearty handshakes and congratulations
on his safe return.

"You'll find three prisoners in the launch, Captain Krell," he said.
"When you remove their gags they'll protest they are our friends; but
I wouldn't trust 'em. Better lock 'em in the cage until this cruel war
is over."

"What has become of the Mexican's launch?" asked Mr. Cumberford. "The
pirates seem to be having some trouble over it."

"It won't bother 'em for long," replied Mr. Todd, complacently. "The
boat is headed out to sea, all by its lonesome; but there's a hole in
the bottom and it's fast filling with salt water. I imagine that within
the next fifteen minutes it will go to Davy Jones's locker, and be out
of commission."




                             CHAPTER XXVI

                            ORISSA RETURNS


If ever man was thoroughly perplexed it was Ramon Ganza the outlaw.
He heard his launch proceed for a distance out to sea, then listened
while the engines hesitated and stopped, and saw the boat on which his
liberty might depend whirl slowly around and disappear beneath the
waves. What could it mean? Were his men on board, and had they met with
some astonishing accident, or had they deliberately committed suicide?
The curses died on his lips; the affair was too startling and too
serious for mere raving; he must try to think of a logical solution of
the problem.

The loss of the launch, his last refuge from captivity and
imprisonment, left him caught like a wolf in a trap--in case he failed
to get possession of the yacht. All night long he sat on a rock by
the sea, smoking his black cheroots and thinking--thinking--thinking.
Neither he nor his men knew that Chesty Todd had returned to the
yacht; but if Ramon had known it he would not have attached especial
importance to the fact. It would merely mean one more person to
capture during the assault.

Morning found Ganza still deep in thought. He glanced rather uneasily
at the ocean and at times swept the horizon with his glasses, which
were slung by a strap to his shoulder. His men brought him food and
a cup of hot coffee, but dared not speak to him in his present mood.
They suspected his case was growing desperate, yet they still retained
confidence in their resourceful, clever master, who had never yet
failed to accomplish whatever he undertook.

In this crisis of his career the fugitive, usually irritable and quick
to act, proved his strength of mind by taking time to consider his
position from all points and to weigh carefully the merits of the
different plans that suggested themselves. He realized that an error at
this time would prove fatal.

The hours wore on until, at about the middle of the afternoon, as Ganza
made one of his periodic inspections of the horizon, his glasses caught
a speck in the sky--a speck that moved and grew larger. At first he
thought it a gull or an eagle; later he changed his mind, for the speck
rapidly increased in size and took form, and the form was that of an
aëroplane.

Those on the yacht saw it now and great was the wonder and excitement
it caused. Here was a messenger from the great world, bringing them
hope of succor or black disappointment. Presently the broad spreading
planes bore down upon the island and circled gracefully over the ship.

"It's Orissa!" they cried in chorus and Chesty Todd added: "She wants
to land on deck. Clear a space--quick!"

They did the best they could. It seemed like a tiny place for that
great sweeping thing to land on and even Sybil exclaimed: "She'll never
make it in the world!" But Orissa, hovering above them in her Aircraft,
observed carefully the conditions below and shutting off her engine
began to volplane.

The huge machine settled quietly down and alighted fairly upon the
deck. One rail caught the lower plane and tipped it, but the girl
leaped lightly from her seat and was caught by Mr. Cumberford, whose
gray eyes sparkled with joy from behind their spectacles.

You may be sure the brave girl received a glad welcome, but as soon
as her safety was assured she was deluged with questions. The ping of
a rifle ball warned them to scuttle below to the cabin, where Orissa
tried to explain.

"Why on earth did you venture to come back?" demanded Madeline. "We had
told ourselves that you, at least, were safe from the dangers that
menace us, and it pleased us to know that. But where is your brother?"

"Did you get to land?" cried half a dozen voices, eagerly. "What did
you do? Tell us!"

Orissa laughed and held up both hands, imploring silence.

"I came to bring you good news," she began. "And now that you are
assured of that, please let me tell the story my own way, or I shall
bungle it."

"Go ahead," they answered and settled themselves to listen.

"We followed the route Captain Krell had mapped out for us," said
Orissa, "and in four hours after leaving here we sighted the Mexican
coast. Fifteen minutes' run to the north brought us to the village
of San Blas, where there is a telegraph office. We landed and had
some difficulty in satisfying the authorities that we were harmless
Americans, but finally they agreed to escort us to the telegraph office
under guard. We wired our story direct to President Madero, putting
it as briefly as possible and asking him for a warship to rescue our
friends and capture Ramon Ganza. There was no answer until evening,
when we received a message from the Secretary of the Navy saying he
had conferred with the President and Secretary of State and would
be glad to accede to our request. In eight or ten days he thought he
could spare a warship to go to the island for Ganza. Unfortunately, the
entire navy was in use at the present time.

"That dashed our hopes, you may be sure, for we feared you couldn't
hold Ganza at bay for so long; so Steve and I determined to fly to
San Diego and secure help there. The Secretary of the Navy had wired
the authorities of San Blas to afford us every consideration and
hospitality, so we filled our tanks with gasoline and slept at a little
inn until daybreak. Then we were off for the north, and in two hours
met the United States torpedo fleet, on its way to Magdalena Bay for
target practice. We made out the flagship and dropped to the water
beside it. Commodore Davis at once laid to and sent a boat to us.
Steve went aboard and explained fully to the commodore our story and
the need for immediate help. As a result the _Mermaid_ was signaled
and its captain presently came aboard and received his orders. He was
to take us directly to this island, drive off Ganza or fight him, as
circumstances might require, and then assist in getting the _Salvador_
afloat again. If he captures Ganza he is to carry him away a prisoner
and turn him and his men over to the Mexican authorities at Magdalena.

"Captain Swanson undertook the adventure gladly and is now on his way
here with the _Mermaid_, with Steve to guide him. My brother and I
thought it best for me to come on ahead and tell you the good news, for
we have worried about you and knew that with rescue at hand you would
have courage to hold out, no matter how desperate your condition. So
here I am, and the _Mermaid_ will arrive either to-night or early in
the morning."

They were indeed delighted with this assurance and it put new heart
into the most timorous of those aboard.

"However," said Chesty Todd, "we seem to be in no danger, just now, and
since our clever enemy has failed to scare us into surrender he has
remained quiet and behaved himself as well as could be expected."

They told Orissa all that had transpired in her absence and the
conversation continued all during the dinner--on which the chef
exercised his best talents, in honor of Orissa's return--and even until
bedtime, there was so much to say.

Chesty went on watch at eleven o'clock, and as he leaned silently over
the rail at a point near the bow of the launch he detected a series of
queer sounds coming from below. This part of the yacht was high on the
shelving beach and it was here that they had arranged huge piles of
rock, on either side, to hold the keel level. It sounded to Mr. Todd as
if some one was at work near these rocks, for on account of the swell
of the boat's side it was impossible to see, from the deck, anyone
below, in case he kept close to the keel.

So Chesty crept aft, held a whispered conversation with Captain
Krell, and quickly divested himself of his clothing. At the stern,
which was settled quite close to the surface of the water, the boy
let himself down by means of a rope, descending hand under hand, and
silently dropped into the dark water. Swimming was one of Radley-Todd's
principal accomplishments and he scarcely made a ripple as he crept
alongside the boat until the bow came into full view. The night was
somewhat darker than usual, but the American had sharp eyes and it
did not take him long to discover that the besiegers were employed in
removing the rocks from the right hand side of the keel.

Instantly comprehending their purpose in this, Chesty turned and
quickly regained the stern, climbing to the deck. His report to Captain
Krell seemed so serious, because it meant a desperate attack presently,
that it was promptly decided to arouse the entire party and warn them
that a crisis was at hand.




                             CHAPTER XXVII

                           FACING THE CRISIS


Consternation reigned in the cabin when the principals assembled there
with white and startled faces. On deck Captain Krell was instructing
his men how to act in the threatened emergency. Pietro was among them,
accepting his rifle and his instructions willingly, but shaking his
head at what he considered a vain attempt to resist Ramon Ganza.

"Ramon great man!" he said to Captain Krell. "Ramon always win; nobody
can conquer him. I knew Ramon would win this time, an' when he does he
will capture me an' whip me hard. All right; I know I am to be whipped
at the time Chica tell me to leave Ramon. Never min'. Pietro can stand
it, for others have been whipped by Ramon an' lived--with marks like a
zebra's on their skins."

In the cabin Chesty was trying to explain the situation.

"It's this way," he said; "when the rocks are all removed the yacht
will fall over on her side, as she was at first, with the rail quite
near to the water. You remember how she lay before we propped her up.
Well, that means we have no secure footing on deck and that the pirates
can easily climb aboard and have the best of the argument. If we slip,
we fall into their arms; if we stick to the deck--like flies to a
ceiling, they'll rush and get us."

"We can't fight from the deck," declared Cumberford. "Tell Captain
Krell to come here."

The captain arrived and after a consultation it was decided to gather
all hands in the cabin and fortify it as strongly as possible. The
roof projected a few feet above the deck and there was a row of small
windows on either side, but these were supplied with heavy shutters
designed for use in case of storms, when the shutters were readily
fixed in place. The stairway might be well guarded by one man, and
above the windows were small ventilators through which several rifles
could be pointed. By standing upon the cabin table the defenders could
command the deck in this way. They were instructed not to shoot,
however, unless absolutely obliged to. All the hatches were battened
down, so that if Ganza gained the deck he could not get below and was
welcome to remain aboard until the rescuers arrived.

Orissa, who had listened silently, now approached Mr. Cumberford and
said:

"When the yacht tips, our Aircraft will be ruined, for the chances are
it will slide overboard. Even if it doesn't, those scoundrels will
wreck it completely, for it will be quite at their mercy. So I've
decided, while there is yet time, to fly it across to the bluff, where
I can remain until you are rescued."

"Can you manage to get away from the deck?"

"Easily."

"Then I think it best for you to go."

"May I take Sybil with me?"

He hesitated a moment; then replied: "Yes. It will be a good thing to
have you girls away from here when the attack is made. Here you could
be of no service whatever, and your absence will--eh--give us more room
to defend the cabin."

"You will have to act quickly, Miss Kane," suggested Chesty.

"I know. Come, Sybil."

They drew on their jackets as they went on deck, both girls realizing
that no time must be lost if they hoped to get away. Once the yacht
tipped on her side it would be impossible to fly the machine.

As they took their places Mr. Radley-Todd inquired: "Plenty of
gasoline?"

"I think so," said Orissa. "I'm not sure how much is left in the tanks,
but it ought to be enough to get us to the bluff. Whirl the propeller,
Chesty."

He did so, and the engine started with a roar. Cumberford and Chesty
steadied the Aircraft until the motor had acquired full speed and then
Orissa threw in the clutch and the big aëroplane rose as easily as a
bird takes flight and ascended into the starlit sky at a steep angle.
This feat is what is called "cloud climbing" and Orissa understood it
perfectly.

It seemed a bold thing to undertake such a flight in the nighttime,
but the Flying Girl's friends had so much confidence in her skill that
they never considered the danger of the undertaking. Across the barren
island to the bluff was so unimportant a flight to one of Orissa's
experience that when she was once away they believed her quite safe.

While the men stood watching the Aircraft mount into the dim sky the
yacht suddenly trembled and keeled over, throwing them all flat upon
the deck. With one accord they scrambled up and dashed into the cabin,
which they reached just as Ramon Ganza and his men swarmed over the
rail.




                            CHAPTER XXVIII

                             THE PRISONER


"What's wrong, Ris?" asked Sybil, as the engine skipped and wavered.

"Gasoline," was the brief answer.

"Oh. Can you get to the bluff?"

"I--don't--know. There!" as the propeller ceased to whirl; "now I'll
volplane. It's a long reach, Syb; but we'll land somewhere--right side
up."

The dim mountain seemed far ahead of them; below was the "dip," or
valley, which lay between the rock ridges and the mountain. As they
had casually glanced toward it in former times, it seemed a forbidding
place, slimy and moist, devoid alike of any green thing or living
creature. Even the owls shunned the "dip."

To-night, when everything was obscure, they seemed gliding into a black
pit. Orissa had to manipulate her levers cautiously, for she could not
tell just when they would reach the ground. As it was they bumped,
bounded forward, bumped again and brought up suddenly between two
boulders that topped a rugged knoll.

"Any damage?" asked Sybil, catching her breath.

"Not much, I'm sure," replied her chum. "But here we are; and here
we'll stay until some one comes with gasoline. Can you see anything,
Syb?"

"The mountain, over there against the sky. It seems so near I could
almost touch it. It wouldn't have taken but a few drops more to have
landed us on the bluff, drat the luck!"

"See anything else?"

"Where?"

"Around us."

"No; but I can smell something. Smells like spoiled gasoline. Does
gasoline ever spoil, Ris?"

"Not to my knowledge. But come; let's crawl into the boat and get the
blankets out. Wherever we are, it's our hotel, and we must make the
best of it."

Skyward, there could be distinguished the mountain at the west and the
rock hills at the east; but the pocket in which they lay was black as
ink. From the boat Orissa managed to open the aluminum chest and take
out the blankets. They then arranged a temporary bed in the bottom of
the boat and covered themselves up.

"Anyhow, I managed to save the Aircraft," sighed Orissa, contentedly.
Then she sat bolt upright and cried: "Listen!"

"The battle's on," answered Sybil, as a succession of wild shouts
reached their ears. It was very aggravating to be so ignorant of what
was happening to their friends. The shouts continued, at intervals,
but there was no sound of firearms. Evidently the Mexicans had gained
the deck but had found it a barren victory. On the mountain the owls
were hooting and flying about as usual, but the shouts that had come
from the bay were of such a different nature that the shrieks of the
night-birds did not drown them.

Suddenly a broad streak of light shot over them, rested a moment on
the mountain, swayed to right and left and then sank below the ridges
of rock. Above the bay where the _Salvador_ was beached thin shafts of
white light radiated, illuminating the sky like an aurora borealis.

"A searchlight!"

"The torpedo boat!" the girls cried in one breath; and then they sat
trembling and straining their ears to listen.

A dull, angry "boom!" rent the air and echoed from the mountain. It was
a warning gun from the _Mermaid_. The shouts became screams of fear.
Then silence followed, complete and enduring.

Orissa breathed heavily. "It's all over, Sybil!" she gasped.

"I--I wonder if--anyone was--hurt."

"Any of our people?"

"Of course."

"I think not. That gun was merely a signal and I imagine the Mexicans
ran like rats. How fortunate it was that Captain Swanson arrived with
the _Mermaid_ so soon!"

"How unfortunate he didn't come sooner. We wouldn't have been in this
awkward predicament. It will take them hours to get to us over those
sharp rocks."

Orissa did not reply. She was trying to understand the events
transpiring around the _Salvador_. Had there been a tragedy? Or had the
torpedo boat merely frightened the outlaws, as she had imagined, and
driven them away?

There was no sleep for the isolated girls during the brief hours
preceding the dawn. As it gradually lightened they peered about them to
see where they were, and by degrees made out their surroundings. There
were fewer rocks in this cup-shaped hollow than in other parts of the
island. On the knoll where the Aircraft rested were the two big rocks
which had arrested its progress, and between these the body of the
aluminum boat was tightly wedged. At intervals throughout the valley
were similar rocky hummocks, but all the space between consisted of an
oozy, damp soil of a greenish-brown color, with glints of red where the
sun caught it prismatically. Looking at this ooze critically, as the
light strengthened, it seemed to the girls to shift somewhat, showing
here and there a thick bubble which slowly formed and disappeared.

Orissa put her hand over the side of the boat and withdrew it again.

"Look, Sybil," she exclaimed. "It's oil."

"Hair or salad oil, Ris?"

Orissa sniffed at her dipped finger.

"Petroleum. This is the crude article, and seeps up from some store of
oil far down in the earth. There would be a fortune in this find, Syb,
if it happened to be in America. Out here it is, of course, valueless."

"Don't they make kerosene and gasoline of it?"

"Yes; of course."

"Then make some gasoline and let's fly away."

Orissa laughed.

"If you will furnish the distillery, Syb, I'll make the gasoline," she
said; "but I believe it's a long, slow process, and----"

"Look!" cried Sybil, with a start, as she pointed a slim finger toward
the east. From a far distant ridge a man came bounding over the rocks,
leaping from one to another with little hesitation in picking his way.
He was a big man, but as the light was still dim they could see no more
than his huge form. Presently he paused to look behind him; then on
he dashed again. He had come from the direction of the bay and was at
first headed toward the mountain, but in one of his pauses, whether to
regain his breath or look behind, he caught sight of the aëroplane and
at once turned directly toward it.

"Do you think," asked Sybil, uneasily, "it is one of our people come to
look for us?"

"No," returned Orissa, positively. "That man is a fugitive. He has
escaped over the rock hills and is trying to find some hiding place."

"Then I wonder he dares come in our direction."

"It is _strange_," agreed Orissa, with a shudder as she remembered how
helpless they were.

Then, with fascinated gaze, the two girls fell silent and watched the
approaching fugitive. As he neared that part of the valley where the
oil seeped up he proceeded more cautiously, leaping from one point of
rock--or hummock--to another. Once, when forced to step on the level
ground, the oil tripped him. He slipped and fell, but was instantly up
again and bounding on his way. It seemed no easy task to make speed
over such a rough and trackless way, yet here it was easier to proceed
than back in those almost impassable hills. It was wonderful that he
had succeeded in crossing them at all.

"I think," said Orissa, as she sat cold and staring, "it is Ramon
Ganza."

"The outlaw? But he wears white flannels."

"Not now. He probably changed them for the night attack; but I can see
the rings glitter on his fingers, and--none of the other Mexicans is so
big."

Sybil nestled a little closer to her friend.

"Have you a revolver, Ris?"

Orissa shook her head.

"No arms at all--not even a hatpin?"

"Nothing whatever to use for defense."

The man was quite near now. Yes; it was Ramon Ganza. His clothes
were torn by the rocks and hung around him in rags, and where he had
fallen the thick, slimy oil clung to them. His face was smeared with
dust and grime and the whole aspect of the outlaw was ghastly and
repulsive--perhaps rendered more acute by the jewelled rings that
loaded his fingers.

He was obliged to step with more care as he neared the aëroplane,
in which crouched the two girls, and finally he came to a halt on a
hummock a few paces away. The oil lay more thickly around the Aircraft
than elsewhere, and Ramon Ganza eyed it suspiciously. Then he spoke,
resting his hands on his hips and leering insolently at Sybil and
Orissa.

"So, I have caught you, then," he cried. "Why did you try to escape?"

"For the same reason you are trying to escape, perhaps," retorted
Orissa, summoning what courage she could command. "But I warn you that
our friends will presently come for us, and--you may not care to meet
them."

He uttered an angry snarl and cast a quick glance around the valley. In
all its broad stretch not a person other than themselves was visible.

Ramon sat down on his knoll, breathing heavily from his long run.

"Yes, I have run away," he admitted, bitterness and hate in his tone.
"I can fight ten--or twenty, perhaps--with my single hand; but not
fifty. They have come to put me in prison, those fiends over there,"
jerking his thumb toward the bay, "and seeing they were too strong for
me to oppose, I came away. It is what you call discreet--eh?--which is
more safe, if less noble, than valor. But they have the island and they
will hunt me down. And once more I shall laugh at them--once more Ramon
Ganza will defy them all!"

"How?" asked Orissa, curiously.

"Have you not the flying-machine--the airship?" he asked, simply. "And
are you not here alone, and in my power? It carries but two, I see,
so one of you shall stay here. The other must fly with me to my own
island, where I will take a sailboat and--vanish from the dogs who are
hounding me."

"That," said Orissa, with forced calmness, for her heart was beating
wildly, "is impossible."

He uttered a fierce growl.

"It is _not_ impossible," he cried. "I have seen your machine fly,
and know it can fly when you want it to. It must fly now, or by San
Filippe I will tumble you both out and fly it myself. It is best that
you not arouse my anger, for Ramon Ganza is desperate and will not be
denied. Get ready, girl! We will fly to my island, or----" He laughed
harshly. "Or you will both ruin your beautiful toilets, and--the mire
is dangerous," he added.

"We have no gasoline," pleaded Orissa.

"Pah! a trick to deceive me."

"No; it is true," cried Sybil, who grew more quiet as fear possessed
her.

He hesitated, a look of despair flashing across his features. Then he
said with grim determination: "I will see for myself," and stepped
recklessly into the pool of oil that lay between him and the hummock
where the aëroplane perched.

The slime reached to his ankle, but he kept doggedly on. The second
step sent him knee-deep into the ooze and he had to struggle to wade
farther in. But now he sank nearly to his waist and the sticky soil
held him fast. Then suddenly the man seemed to realize his peril and
uttered a shrill cry of terror.

"Help, young ladies! For the love of humanity--help! Will you see me
die like this?" he screamed.

Orissa and Sybil, both horrified, had risen to their feet. The sinking
outlaw was fully five yards distant and there seemed no possible way
to aid him. But it was terrible to allow a human being to perish in
such a way, even when it was a confessed enemy who stood in peril.
Orissa caught up a blanket and hurled it toward him, and he seized it
eagerly and spread it around him for support. Next moment Sybil had
hastily folded the second blanket and cast it with all her strength
toward Ganza. One corner he caught and in a moment had added it to the
first, now becoming saturated with oil. Yet the blankets would not have
availed much had not Ramon's feet now rested upon a rock far beneath
the surface, effectually preventing him from sinking any lower. Almost
waist-deep in the putty-like mire he stood a fast prisoner, for no
effort of his own could enable him to free himself.

He realized, presently, that he was not fated to be entombed in the
mire, so part of his old assurance returned to him. As he stared at the
girls and they returned his gaze with horrified looks, he remarked:

"Well, I am caught, as you see; but it was no officer of the law that
did it. Ramon Ganza can defy mankind, as he has often proved, but he
bows to Nature. Also, young ladies, I beg to point out that--if you
have spoken truly--you are likewise caught, and alas! we cannot assist
one another. What, then, shall we do for amusement?"

"I think," said Sybil gravely, "you ought to pray."

"I? I have forgotten how. What then? Shall we sing songs? If you will
accompany the chorus I will delight your ears with my excellent tenor
voice."

This bravado, coming from a man stuck fast in the mire, was so gruesome
that it made the girls shudder with aversion. But Sybil, happening to
glance up, cried with sudden animation: "Look, Orissa!" and pointed
with a trembling finger.

In the distance a group of men had appeared over the edge of the
rock hills. They saw the stalled aëroplane and waved their arms
encouragingly.

Ganza screwed his head around with some difficulty and also observed
the rescue party.

"It cannot matter," he said coolly. "As well one prison as another, and
no Mexican dungeon could hug me tighter than this."

He fell silent, however, and no further remarks were exchanged as the
distant party drew nearer. They were forced by the treacherous nature
of the valley to move cautiously and when they entered the area of oil
seepage more than one slipped in the slimy pools. But gradually they
approached the spot where the aëroplane rested and now Orissa and Sybil
could make out Stephen Kane, Mr. Cumberford, Captain Krell, Chesty Todd
and an unknown man in uniform, who were accompanied by several seamen.

The girls stood up and waved their handkerchiefs and then cried out
warnings to beware the mire. Not until the rescuers were quite near to
the place did they perceive the upper half of Ramon Ganza protruding
from the imprisoning slime.

"Dear me," cried Mr. Cumberford; "this is interesting; very! How are
you, girls? All right?"

Through the bombardment of eager questions they assured their friends
that they had suffered no serious discomfort because of the accident
to the Aircraft. "But," added Sybil, "we had a good fright when Ramon
Ganza threatened us, unless we assisted him to escape in our aëroplane.
Fortunately the mire came to our assistance, for he stepped into a soft
place and it held him fast--as you see."

All eyes turned upon the helpless outlaw, who nodded his head with
astonishing nonchalance.

"I bid you good morning, señors," said he. "When you are sufficiently
rested from your walk, be kind enough to pull me out of this loving
embrace; but gently, or you may dislocate my bones."

"Who is this?" asked the officer in uniform, a fine featured young man.

"The rascal who has so boldly annoyed us, regardless of consequences,"
replied Cumberford, frowning upon the Mexican. "He escaped us last
night, but we have him now, sure enough, and I intend to see he is
handed over to the authorities of his country, whose laws he has
defied."

"What did he do?" the officer inquired, gazing at Ganza curiously.

"Permit me to explain that I robbed a bank--a bank engaged in robbing
others under government sanction," said Ganza. "To rob is a small
thing, señors; but it is a crime to be discovered robbing. That was my
fault. Others in my native land, who are more successful embezzlers
than I, are to-day respected, rich and happy."

"Was that your only crime?"

"So far as is known, señor. Otherwise I am very good man and quite
respectable."

"He is a tyrant and a bully, and whips his men if they disobey him,"
declared Steve.

"Pah! they are curs. The whip is less than they deserve," retorted
Ganza. "But permit me to remind you of my present discomfort, señors. I
will gladly exchange this bog for a Mexican prison."

They managed to drag him out, none too gently, and the seamen scraped
the oily slime from his legs and body so that he could stand erect.

Then they turned to examine the condition of the aëroplane.




                             CHAPTER XXIX

                            ORISSA DECIDES


Only by taking the Aircraft entirely apart, decided Steve, might he
hope to remove it to the bay, for it could not be flown from the
hummock where it was wedged between the rocks. But they could not wait
to do that now. The girls were very near one of those feminine crises
so familiar to Mrs. Tupper, and their friends realized the nervous
strain they had endured and made haste to lead them back to the yacht.
The seamen looked after Ramon Ganza, who was so physically exhausted by
his late experience that he made no endeavor to escape.

It was a tedious climb, by no means devoid of danger, but so anxious
were Orissa and Sybil to escape from the dread valley that they
energetically persevered until the last rock hill was passed and they
descended the slope to the inlet.

There lay the _Salvador_; keeled over, indeed, but safe and sound. Just
without the bay floated the _Mermaid_, and one of her boats was run
upon the beach and another clung to the _Salvador's_ side.

A hearty cheer greeted the return of the rescue party when Orissa and
Sybil were observed approaching with them, and Captain Swanson himself
came forward to offer his congratulations.

On their way, Steve had briefly related the events of the night attack
and told how the defenders, fortified within the cabin and below
decks, had been quite safe from Ganza until the arrival of the torpedo
boat relieved the situation. Then the Mexicans fled and made frantic
attempts to escape, hiding themselves in the wilderness of rocks that
littered the island.

When Captain Swanson learned of the capture of Ramon Ganza and the
rescue of the young ladies he decided to attempt no pursuit of the
scattered Mexicans but to apply himself promptly to the task of
floating the yacht, which he succeeded in doing before night. The
_Salvador_ was in no way injured and as soon as she had anchored
outside the bay was again in commission and fully able to care for
herself.

Madeline invited the officers of the _Mermaid_ to dine aboard her
yacht and Monsieur Risette prepared a repast that surprised even his
employer, so elaborate and delicious it proved.

As they conversed together afterward, commenting upon the exciting
experiences of the yacht and her company and the daring flights of the
Kane Hydro-Aircraft, Madeline said to Captain Swanson:

"What shall we do with Ramon Ganza?"

"Where is he, Miss Dentry?"

"Locked up in our cage. But I don't want him aboard. Won't you take him
to Magdalena and turn him over to the Mexican police?"

"I am not sure I have authority to arrest the man," replied the captain
gravely. "I will send a wireless to the fleet to-night and endeavor to
get the admiral and receive his instructions concerning Ganza."

He wrote out a message at once and dispatched it to his ship by one of
his men, that the wireless operator aboard might repeat it a number of
times in the attempt to reach the ship for which it was intended. A
wireless message travels farther by night and is more distinct.

Madeline now urged Captain Swanson to carry Chica and Pietro to
Magdalena, which would enable them to reach their homes quickly and he
agreed to do this. Miss Dentry supplied the two with sufficient money
for their needs and the Red-beard and the child said their good-byes
and were rowed to the _Mermaid_.

The yacht party, now reunited and safe from further molestation,
thoroughly enjoyed the evening and expressed their gratitude again
and again for the prompt assistance rendered them by their fellow
countrymen. Madeline had already written a nice letter to the admiral,
which she entrusted to Captain Swanson.

As Orissa and Sybil, as well as many others of the party, had passed a
trying and sleepless night, the officers thoughtfully retired early,
returning to their quarters on the _Mermaid_.

Breakfast was in progress on the _Salvador_ next morning when a note
was brought from the captain of the torpedo boat.

"I was fortunate in reaching the admiral," it said, "and I beg to
enclose you a copy of the message I have received from him in reply. I
further regret to state that I am ordered to rejoin the fleet without
delay and must therefore bid you all adieu."

The wireless read: "President Madero proclaimed a general amnesty to
Mexican refugees some three months ago. On the list of pardons appears
the name of Ramon Ganza."

Madeline drew a long breath.

"I'm sorry for that," she said. "Ramon Ganza has escaped the penalty
of breaking his country's laws and we are powerless to punish him
ourselves--even though he struck poor Mason with a knife."

"How is Mason getting along?" asked Orissa.

"Very nicely," stated Mr. Cumberford. "It was a deep cut, but reached
no vital organs and the man will soon be as good as new."

"That does not alter the fact that Ganza is a wicked desperado," said
Sybil.

"It's a shame to allow him to escape," exclaimed Mr. Tupper,
indignantly. "Can't we arrest him for disturbing the peace, and trying
to capture our yacht, and attempting to murder one of the crew?"

"No," replied Mr. Cumberford. "This island doesn't belong to the United
States. I believe it is Mexican territory. But if we can prove damages
we might be able to recover from the Mexican government--and then,
again, we might not."

"I'll never put in a claim, for my part," said Madeline, laughing. "But
what are we to do with Ramon Ganza--and those three rascals imprisoned
with him, whom Chesty captured and brought to us?"

"Let Chesty get rid of them; they're his prisoners," suggested Sybil.

"The chief bandit is your own prisoner--and Orissa's," declared Chesty.
"What do you intend to do with him, Miss Cumberford?"

Sybil laughed.

"It's a problem," she confessed. "Can you solve it, Miss Dentry?"

"I fear not," answered Madeline, indeed puzzled. "Our prisoners are
likely to prove white elephants on our hands. To carry them to America
would involve us in endless difficulties, and--I have other plans,
wherein their presence is better dispensed with."

"Then," said Chesty, after due reflection, "let us leave them all
behind us, on the island. Not this island, where they would be
prisoners and perhaps starve, because I have sunk their gasoline launch
and they cannot get away, but on Ramon Ganza's own island. Then the
fellow may decide his future as he deems best and we may wash our hands
of the whole disagreeable affair."

"I hope you won't inform him that he is pardoned," said Mr. Tupper,
earnestly.

"Why not?" asked Madeline. "Let us return good for evil. Perhaps, when
Ramon Ganza is no longer a refugee and can face the world a free man,
he will redeem his past and become honest."

"I doubt it," declared Mr. Cumberford; "but I think you are right to
give him the chance."

It was so decided. There remained on Owl Island but one of Ganza's
rowboats which would be available for use by the men hidden among the
rocks, but at the larger island was a small sailboat in which, during
calm weather, the chief might go for his men and transport them to
their former quarters.

Next morning a party accompanied Steve into the valley once more, where
the Aircraft was taken apart and brought with considerable labor to the
bay, from whence it was conveyed to the yacht and compactly stored away
below decks.

"There's no use putting it together until we get back home," said the
inventor; and his partner, Mr. Cumberford, agreed with him.

This task had consumed the entire day, during which Orissa and Sybil
had kept to their state-rooms, trying to quiet their nerves and get
some much-needed sleep. Madeline, in the meantime, had ordered a store
of provisions placed on the beach for the use of the band of Mexicans
until they were rescued by their leader, as she did not wish them to
suffer for lack of food, however mischievous and lawless they might be.

The following day Captain Krell hoisted anchor and headed for the
larger island, and it was good to all to feel the water slipping along
underneath the _Salvador's_ thin keel again.

Ramon Ganza accepted his liberty with the same stoical indifference
that characterized all his actions. He strutted a bit when Chesty told
him of his pardon, but declared he would continue to inhabit the
island where he was virtually a king.

"With no fear of a prison to haunt me," he said, "I can make the island
a paradise. Many Mexicans will settle there and become my subjects."

"You'll have to cut out the flogging, then," suggested Chesty.

"It will gratify me to do so. Before, I have the obligation to flog the
disobedient ones because I dared not send them away; but now, if they
prove obstinate, I may send them back to Mexico."

He took off his hat with an elaborate bow as the _Salvador's_ boat left
him standing with his three men on the little dock below his residence;
but Francisco and the other two scowled fiercely at Mr. Todd, whom they
reproached for deceiving them about Madero's reward, although they had
elected to remain with their old master rather than be taken to America.

"It's a good thing for civilization that those villains are
sequestrated on a far-away, unknown island," remarked Chesty, when he
had regained the yacht's deck. "I suppose anyone can reform, if he
tries hard, but I'll bet a hat that Francisco and his comrades never
make the attempt."

"We are well rid of them, in any event," asserted Mr. Cumberford.

Orissa and Sybil appeared at dinner, both considerably improved in
spirits after their long rest.

"When do we sail for San Diego?" Sybil asked Madeline.

"Captain Krell is ready. I am waiting for Orissa and you to decide,"
was the reply.

Orissa looked up in surprise.

"What have we to decide?" she inquired.

"Merely which way we shall proceed. My yacht hasn't had a fair trial
yet and I had in mind a trip to Honolulu before we went in chase of
two runaway girls. We still have on board enough coal and supplies for
such a trip and I have resolved to invite you all to make it in my
company--in which case we will head directly for Hawaii from here."

Orissa was thoughtful for a time and looked inquiringly at Steve, who
smiled in return.

"I think such a trip would do us all good," he suggested.

"The Flying Girl has no important engagements, at present," added Mr.
Todd, the press agent.

"If she had, I think she deserves a little recreation after her late
trying experiences," said Mr. Cumberford.

"Why, Orissa, it has all been decided in advance," exclaimed Sybil.
"They're merely asking our consent out of politeness."

Orissa turned to Madeline and pressed her hand gratefully.

"You've really been our guardian angel, Miss Dentry," she said. "We can
never repay your great kindness and generosity, nor properly thank you
for what you have done for us."

"Why should you?" asked Madeline. "Think what a splendid time I've had
during this adventure, all due to the Flying Girl and her chum--and
to a defect in the famous Kane Aircraft. But if you sincerely wish to
please me, come with me on the trip to Honolulu."

"Of course I will," Orissa responded. "I've always longed for an ocean
voyage, and in such company, and on the dear old _Salvador_, the trip
will be delightful."

The others of the Kane-Cumberford party, who were every one eager to
go, rapturously applauded this decision.


                               THE END.




                   *       *       *       *       *


               =_Exhilarating Books for Girls of Today_=




                        The Flying Girl Series

                          _By_ EDITH VAN DYNE

                _Author of "Aunt Jane's Nieces" Series_


Capital up-to-the-minute stories for girls and young people, in which
the author is at her very best. Thrilling and full of adventure, but
of that wholesome type parents are glad to put in the hands of their
daughters. Two titles:


                            The Flying Girl

Orissa Kane, self-reliant and full of sparkling good nature,
under-study for her brother, prospective inventor and aviator whose
experiments put the Kane family into great difficulties, in the crisis
proves resourceful and plucky, and saves the day in a most thrilling
manner.

[Illustration]


                     The Flying Girl and Her Chum

This story takes Orissa and her friend Sybil through further adventures
that test these two clever girls to the limit. A remarkably well told
story.

  _12mo. Bound in extra cloth with design stamping on cover and fancy
  jacket. Printed on high grade paper. Illustrated in black and white._
               _Price 60 cents each. Postage 12 cents._


             Publishers  The Reilly & Britton Co.  Chicago


                   *       *       *       *       *


             =_Books for Older Children by L. Frank Baum_=




                        The Daring Twins Series

                          _By_ L. FRANK BAUM


In writing "The Daring Twins Series" Mr. Baum yielded to the hundreds
of requests that have been made of him by youngsters, both boys and
girls, who in their early childhood read and loved his famous "Oz"
books, to write a story for young folk of the ages between twelve and
eighteen.

[Illustration]

=A story of the real life of real boys and girls in a real family under
real conditions=


                             _Two Titles:_

                          =The Daring Twins=
                           = Phoebe Daring=

While preparing these books Mr. Baum lived with his characters. They
have every element of the drama of life as it begins within the lives
of children. The two stories are a mixture of the sublime and the
ridiculous; the foibles and fancies of childhood, interspersed with
humor and pathos.

                       _Price 75 cents net each_


             Publishers  The Reilly & Britton Co.  Chicago


                   *       *       *       *       *




                                ANNABEL

                         _By_ SUSANNE METCALF


A girls' book with a clever, quick-moving plot is unusual. ANNABEL
is that kind. The heroine is a lovable girl, but one with plenty of
snap--her red hair testifies to that. Her friend, Will Carden, too, is
a boy of unusual qualities, as is apparent in everything he does. He
and Annabel make an excellent team.

[Illustration]

The two, the best of chums, retrieve the fortunes of the Carden family
in a way that makes some exciting situations. The secret of the
mysterious Mr. Jordan is surprised by Annabel, while Will, in a trip
to England with an unexpected climax, finds the real fortune of the
Cardens.

ANNABEL is a book whose make-up is in keeping with the high quality of
the story.

            _Beautiful cover and jacket in colors, 12 mo._
        _Illustrated by Joseph Pierre Nuyttens. Price 60 cents_


             Publishers  The Reilly & Britton Co.  Chicago


                   *       *       *       *       *


                   =Popular Memory Books for Girls=




                        =My Golden School Days=

                          _By_ JANET MADISON


A Very attractive memory book for girls, in which they can keep a
record of happy school days. There are places and departments for every
item of interest--classmates, colors, yell, photographs, autographs,
dances, etc. Appropriate decorations and headings for each department,
with verses and poems. In special box. Two bindings.

           _Half Cloth, 60 cents. Swiss Velvet Ooze, $1.25_


                   *       *       *       *       *




                              My Sorority

                     _Designed by_ LOUISE PERRETT


A complete and cleverly designed memory book for girls who are members
of the well-known "Greek Letter" Societies in high school or college.
A record book with appropriately decorated headings for name, colors,
secret motto, pin, grip, initiation, spreads, banquets, etc. In three
styles.

               _Cloth, $1.50. Swiss Velvet Ooze, $2.50_
                  _De Luxe, Flexible Morocco, $3.00_


             Publishers  The Reilly & Britton Co.  Chicago




  Transcriber's Note:

  Italics are indicated by _underscores_.
  Bolds are indicated by =equal signs=.
  Small capitals have been rendered in full capitals.
  A number of minor spelling errors have been corrected without note.






End of Project Gutenberg's The Flying Girl and Her Chum, by Edith van Dyne

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE FLYING GIRL AND HER CHUM ***

***** This file should be named 53692-8.txt or 53692-8.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/5/3/6/9/53692/

Produced by Mary Glenn Krause, Chris Curnow, Haragos Pál
and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team at
http://www.pgdp.net (This book was produced from images
made available by the HathiTrust Digital Library.)


Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
